Dear Newspaper, Computers are high tec and have expanded in an everyday thing. They play a big role in society. Computers have been improved to do many different things without them we would barely get any thing done. Although kids should start goind outside more, computers teaches kids new things, and it is useful. With computers kids are rarely going outside. A lot of our population of the @LOCATION1 are obese, including kids. Because of this they are staying inside and on their computer. Kids need to go outside evry once and while to get some fresh air and exercise. If they limit their time on the computer and do some active game it would be better for the child. Since computers are rapidly growing and adapting kids spend half of the day on it just stareing at the screen playing some flash game, like run escape. Instead of wasteing their time doing that they should go outside, take a walk just do something! Computers teaches kids new things. Google something like trees. You would get bunch of websites containg information about trees. Kids also play games, if they don't know it, some of the games they play are teaching them stuff, for an example, my little sister, goes on a site called nickeloden.com I see that right and it teaches her stuff she didn't know before. from those types of games it prepared her for kindergarden. Now a days more and more sites keep adapting and becoming known like bing. Computers are real useful. suppose you want to know whats goind on at work. So click your mouse on internet explorer and get your email. With computers, you could go on social networking sites, like facebook and connect with friends. You can also go on instant messageing site to talk to friends and see what there up to. For your entertainment you could play games. Remember though to not stay on too long. Computers are big deal in our community. Life would be very difficult without them. But remember not to stay on too long! Although kids should start going outside, computers, teaches kids new things, and is useful. 5
