Dear local newspaper, people throughout the world use, or own computers. Although there are people who think computers are good for you, others could say different. While you are on the computer you can become more socal by talking with friends or family. Also, while you are on the computer you @MONTH1 not notice it but; your hand-eye coordination is improving, and finally, you are able to search with a click of a button, instead of searching your topic through dozens of books. Computers have very benefits. One being chating, or talking online to friends, and family. You @MONTH1 have a distant friend that you haven't talked to in a while. With a computre you are able to re connect with your buddy. If you have an acount that is safe to chat on, you @MONTH1 be able to make new friends. That would be good for you, socally. It is always good to have friends, and stay in touch with family. Some people find it hard to play a piano because they cannot look at the music and have their hands be doing something else. On a computre your hand-eye-coordination improves over time because, you are searching a topic as your hands are typing. Also, this is a great memory excirsise for your fingers. You eventually memorize where all of the keys are located. People without computres have to search through books to find information on their topic. Others with computers, just have to type in their topic and all the information they need is right infront of them. You are able to see pictures of your topic or even video's! Not books that I know, can search a topic, show you pictures, and videos of it with one resource! people debate the fact if computres are good for you or not. If you ask me, computres are great for people. It allows people to be socal, and talk to old friends; it also improves your hand-eye coordination, and finally; it gives you the option to search a topic without all the hastle of searching through dozens of books. So now the question is up to you; are computers good for people, or not? 5
