Dear local Newspaper A lot more people uses computers daily but not everyone agrees that it benefits society. Those people who supports advsnces in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on the people and I agree on some circumstances but looking at the situation cleary I dont agree due to the fact that its better not spending to much time on the computers. First because its way better excercising, enjoying nature and lastly interacting with family. why I dont agree that people should be in ther computer more their doing things better in life. First, becacuse it's useful to exercise. Talking a walk around the nieghborhood of just going for a hike with people you know. Even better going to the gym its such a better way to spend your evening instead sitting infront of a computer doing nothing but to look at a screen all day and plus exercising makes you stay in perfect fit, healthy and strong for as long as you live. A computer can just kill you not in reality but sitting all day only on the computer eating when you feel like it and no exercise that is whats going to kill you and make you become so lazy to do nothing. I know nobody would want that for sure. enjoy nature live life the way it needs to. Gods creations of nature is the must beautiful thing in this world dont let it go all to waist. Jump off a waterfall or go to the park let the wind hit your face. Make imaginations become real and just enjoy what natures about. Third and last, interact with your family and friends. Spend time with them and watch movies or any sports channels. Go with them for some ice cream. Dont let them feel left out or unloved. The mall is a great way to spend time with your friends or family also going to water parks like six flag or lake compound of place like nomads or chuckie cheese its a great way places to spend and interact with your family and friends it also can bring closer as well. This is why I think sitting infront of a computer screen all day, first its a waist of time when you go do some exercise or enjoy nature or lastly interact with your family and friends, why sitting infront of a computer as a waist of time and negative why to spend your days of living life. Technology holds you back from the real things in life. Thank you for reading my letter and hope you take it in consideration. Good day! 5
