Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever wondered how to get somewhere and you didn't have a map or @CAPS1 near you and the only thing that was the near you was a @CAPS3. Well I am saying you should go on it and search were you want to go. Computers are very helpful in every one's daily life they have so many facts and interesting things on them, @CAPS2 about again trying to figure out were someone lives it's very easy, go on google and type in someones's adress and there you go. The @CAPS3 is also very good because have you ever thought about one of your friends or a special someone and you havent seen them in like a really long time and you miss them well no problem mostley all computers have some sort of camera in them were you could video chat or just chat regular on the enternet. That is very helpful because even though you could just go on the phone and call them it's better to do it online because how about if you havent seen them you want to see a picture of them they could just send it to you on some sort of chat page or just your email. It is so much better then mailing one picture in the mail and it takes days for the mail to come if you could do it the faster way on line and on video chat it will be better.. The @CAPS3 is also very helpful because how about one day you want to go some were and you dont know what the weather is going to be well you could go to put on the tv and see but there is so many communications and you cant really see because they move the weather days fast. On the @CAPS3 you could type the weather in for one week and it will tell you and you could look at it for as long as you want and it will stay there so you could see the whole week without the screen having fast as the image is not in the light light or if it's to dark. The @CAPS3 is so helpful. People do say that it is good to get off the @CAPS3 and go for a walk outside in nature I do agree with that but people and children do get their exercising by walking around the house and going outside going shopping. Computers are helpful and nice and another thing is say one day you are online and you are looking at clothes or shoes and you want to buy them but you dont want to go to the mall a half hour away from were you live you could just buy them online and they will be shipped to your house and you dont even have to lift a fingure. They are also good because they have like a dictionary on it were if you dont know how to spell a word you type it in the best way you can and it corrects your spelling and tells you what the word is, also the computers have pictures of everything, if you want to see how something looks like you can type it in and shows you. with all the facts I have given you I hope you agree with me that computers are very helpful nice and safe. 5