Dear @ORGANIZATION1, To begin, I understand that people don't like computers because they are over used. If the computers are so bad then they shouldn't be used, but how I see it is that they also bring more good than bad. These points to computer wellfare are they bring sourses, their is interaction between people, and computers are going to advance more over time. Even though these people think they are overused they still use them. So, even I use the computer a lot, but it could be used for good. First and foremost, these computers can get sources online that can't be found in books. Their are search engines that you can find your topics on. Then, when you find your source it has info that could have been skipped over. They can show the other side of they story that they didn't say in the book. your projects that you used to have to go to the library for you now can do from home, that itself is a step that you aren't considering. For instance if people are on a lot @PERCENT1 of the time is research. Furthermore, people can interact with friends over the computer. They can talk, send pictures, or play games. For example, i play xbox and I talk to my friends over that a lot of the time. Even a video game is fun as being with them, quoted from @CAPS1 @CAPS2 "I have a computer not for friends, but for work". This shows that even large important still use it for work. people say using a computer is like learning to ride a bike. My mom told me a story that she met my dad because he fixed her computer at her job. So, I am here with my parents because of a computer. None the less, the computers are at their begining and they will further improve. So people that are on have a reason for why they are on the computer. This advancement is going to advance again and again so there won't be a way to stop it thus, people will be on it only more and more so there is no chance of stopping the outbreak of computers. Then you will try to stop them with "computers eat your brain". We all know that is garbage. To conclude, I implore you not to try and change the habits of others. I @CAPS3 that if people want to use computer they can. I say this with the sources, the friends and the advanement. 4