Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1! I am an @NUM1 grade student at @PERSON1. I was reading your paper and I notice you had an article on how people are spending too much time on the computer and not enough time going outside, getting exercise, enjoying nature, and that it doesn't benifit society. i completly disagree with these comments. let me explain... Having computers definatly benifits for all students. Sometimes kids forget their text books at school. But if they have a computer, they can just google the information. That way they get there homework done, and don't have to take a zero. Another thing is, I am sure you have heard of a website called, study island. If you havn't, i'ts a website for all the students in the @LOCATION1 to take online courses for math, reading, and science. They are time consuming, but they count for a huge chunk of our grade. So, if we get an @CAPS2 on study island we get an @CAPS2 in one of our classes.. Not only does the computer help students but it helps me in a kind of personal way. I love the piano. But, there are no instructions in my area. However, there is a program on the computer called synewnisia. It helps you learn all kinds of songs on your keyboard or piano. The piano helps my hand-eye coordination as well as it teaches discipline and dedication. Now, synewnesia isn't the only free instrument learning program. There are many others! This helps people who can't afford lessons, and learning an instrument can help you acheive things later in life. Now, one thing you said in your article is that people aren't getting enough exercise because of sitting in front of a computer all day. This is not completly true. In fact, most people go on the computer researching diet plans or local gyms. How do I know this? Well one day when I went on google the top search of the day was, "weight watchers diet plan". Also, my mom uses an online video workout website, for her bad back. So not only does the computer help for diets, they can help physical therapy also. So with this letter I hope you realize that the computer does benifite our society, yes, we should not spend too much time on it. But, online learning sessions can be time consuming. It helps many people figure out the right deit and workouts so they can stay happy and healthy. 5