Over the past decade, the percentage of people using computers has increased by approximately @PERCENT1. All of a sudden the world and its people have become dependent on information that computers provide. The variety of data bases and resources the increased communication and the skills computers allow you to portray and prove that they are essential for this generation. Communication over computers benefit now society can interact between one another. Personally I have been able to talk and see my family who live overseas through the advanced technology on computers. Different communication programs include @CAPS1 @CAPS2 and e-mail, the most commonly used cite. Without having access to a computer and its contents residents have a difficult time embarking themselves within the rest of society. For school events, sport schedules, and keeping in touch with far away family and friends. Computers allow all of these essentials to be part of society, and the way this generation has decided to start our lives. Paretns and teenagers these days have become very lazy in comparison to the way they used to behave. They are nit interested in going to the library in order to research information on people, places, and family heritage. Computers have been a huge convenience in a persons life by allowing all the information that was once in books to be contained throughout the internet. For example if you are doing a project for school. the internet will provide you with any information you need. It is truely astonishing how much one electronic instrument can impact and influence a life. Being a student, I am commonly curious about what references teachers are making and additional information that is not provided. The internet allows any person in possesion of a computer to research what they have wondered about and to give a response on the subject almost immediately the benefits of computers can practically cover the few negative effects as it is a way to let a person discover various information on any desired subject. Besides searching for information, computers can be used to document data of your own. Microsoft has invented several applications of which allow you to graph information design presentations, and neatly record drafts of writing. No person is flawless and is incapable of mistakes. Microsoft helps take your exentuated imperfections and hide them by doing things as little as making a neater copy of your essay, or putting your lists of data into graph form to make it more eye-friendly to viewers. Society has become reliant to sources scattered throughout the date bases on computers and by directly looking at the negative effects that a computer can have on aperson and therefore putting restrictions on this information source will enable society to have to positive donations that computers these days have on our way of life. 5