Dear Local Newspaper @CAPS1, I am writing to you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people. I believe that there can be both good and bad effects. Computers make things easier for people, but they are also too dependent on. Man-kind should use books for research also not just computers. Computers are very helpful for people. For example, if you really wanted to see a certain movie but you don't want to stand in line, people can go to movie tickets.com and purchase their tickets. Then, once you get to the movie theater, all that's left to do is walk over to the kiosk and redeem your tickets. Another example is that computers allow people to pay their taxes. There is special software that is able to be downloaded onto your computer. Once the software has been installed, it will usually lead you, step by step, through the process of paying your bills. It's much faster and much easier than paying "manually". These are some really good effects that computers have on people. Computers also have their flaws. Over time, computers have caused most people to be lazy. Some people have become too dependant on their computers. Business owners, or businessmen and women in general, are @CAPS2 on their laplops or blackberries. Everywhere you look there is another adult on the internet or e-mail. Not only adult's do this though. Students are becoming more dependant on the internet. For every assignment practically, students use google or bing. Sometimes they use or wikipedia. Students should just take the time to use their extbooks. The student body would rather watch @CAPS3, play video games, or text than do homework. This is understandds because homework can be boring but it all pays off in the end. Taking the extra @NUM1 minutes to use a textbook won't kill anyone. No one has died yet from using a book instead of google. Also, in using a textbook, you will understand how to do whatever you're doing. That isn't so bad, is it? Computers, as you can see, have both good and bad effects. It's easy to use the internet for homework but that doesn't really help you. Making purchases is fun though. It saves gas money and time. I hope you and the readers of this paper see my point of view. 5