Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In the past ten years, advances in technology have completely changed the world. Technology makes peoples lives much easier and helps keep more and more people connected throughout the world. More jobs are created and help speed up ordinary events such as taxes, messages, news, and teaching. However, many people have proven that too much use of technology can make teens and adults addicted to the internet. In this addiction many people can lose time with their family, time to exercise and enjoy nature. Since being part of the generation growing up in the new technology era, I have had a first hand experience with the benifits of the new technology. I believe that this technology is a great help to society today. Many more jobs are being created because of this technology. For example, think about how many people could be employed if a new computer system was created. There would be thousands of people working on many things such as the founder, manager, creater of new ideas or just working at the new companies retail store. Running a business or a corporation is a very difficult job to do. But because of the advances in technology, running a business can become much easier and not as much time is wasted. With the new technology, people can send emails within seconds instead of running around the entire office giving out memos. Also for businesses, their stocks of the company can be updated every minute. These advances will make easier to run and make them more efficent. With the advances in technology average people can be updated on the new around the world every minute. Also when it comes time to pay taxes, fill them out and pay on line. None the less, there is more entertainment open to everyone. Through todays new technology, peoples lives are made much easier. They can work faster, get more arrands accomplished, learn more, connect to people around the world, and be caught up with local and international news. Technology is benifiting society and will hopefully continue making life easier. 4