Dear Newspaper, In @DATE1's world we are dependent on computers. @DATE1 computers have become the most helpful source of technology. We need computers for so many things, and they benefit society. They can help people talk online, they're educational, and they improve hand eye cordination. It has been amazing how computers help us so much. We need computers like we need water. If we didn't how would we survive? Computers have become the glue to friendships. They help keep friendships when you don't see the friend constantly. I have a friend that moved to @LOCATION1 last year. It was way too expensive to just call ot text her. So as a result, I keep in contact with her through the computer. Everyday we @CAPS1 and use skype to keep intouch. Those cost @MONEY1 per year. If I were to call her each call would cost @MONEY2. if it weren't for the internet I seriously know that our friendship would collapse. Computers have been so helpful for many people with this same problem. Computers have become the number one source to find information. They have become more popular than the library and text books combined. So many essential resources are on computers. Text books, calculators, and even homework are online. Many people say that computers aren't educational, but scientists say it can move a students grade from a @CAPS2- to an A+. Teachers say the same thing too. one of my fellow students said that computers changed his life. He used to be forgetting to write down his homework, but he looks online and he has all of it. Now he knows what pages to read from the science book. If you don't think that computers have changed students lives, well think again. There are also games that improves hand eye cordination. Many sports teams like the @CAPS3 use this. It has increased there hand eye cordination by @PERCENT1. the team says if it wasn't for the hand eye cordination game, then they would have never have won the @CAPS4 @CAPS5. this game is also free online for anyone to use. Everyone that has used it said it really improved there reaction time. The games are also fun and non violent. They have games like baseball, hockey, and hurdles. This game has made a great improvement on people's lives. If we don't have computers then our hand eye cordination will decrease by @PERCENT2. would you want to be the person to take away computers? In conclusions computers have made a great impact on @DATE1's society. Computers are educational, you get to talk to friends, and improve your hand eye cordination. Computers have made a big improvement on how we live, and it's for the better. If we didn't have computers then friendships would break, grades would decrease, and hand eye cordination would plummit. We need computers they have been so beneficial to billions of people across the globe. Many people depend on computers. So if we take away computers then you'll be letting many lives down. No sane person would want to take away computers. Computers have benifited society in so many ways.  5