Dear local newspaper, Computers are they a good benifit for society or a bad benifit for society? What do you think would you enjoy always being on the computer? I wouldn't, so this is why I believe that computers have a negative impact on society. First reason why I think computers have a negative impact is because you can become addicted to always having to be on the computer. Becoming addicted to the computer leads to serious consequences. For example you spend less time exercising and that isn't healthy for your body physically. Not exercising leads to many things like being over weight, health problems, diseases like dieabeties, and many other things, but usually these are the main problems. You can aviode this by turning of the computer and just go for a small walk, but because of what computers have to offer now these day people want do this. Thats one reason why computers have a negative impact on the society. Another reason for why computers have a negative impact on society is because you won't spend as much time with your friends and family. Even if you don't know this if you spend more time on the computer than with your family and friends this affects them in many ways. They can feel dissapointed worried about you, even concerned. When you are always on the computer you're ignoring your family and this hurts them emotionally. Think about how would you feel if you had a best friend you always hung out with. You two did everthing together, and the all of a sudden your best friend suddenly stops calling you; or visiting you and hanging out with you. You would feel dissapointed because you loss your best friend over a computer. These things can happen if you go overboard when using the computer. This is why is think computers don't do good they do more harm in my personal opinion. The final reason why I say that computers aren't way good is for a main reason safty. Those days computers have all the websites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, twitter, and others. There are so many kids who chat with people they don't even know. Also they're posting pictures of themselves without even thinking that this is a dangerous thing to do. Once you post those pictures they will always be there no matter if you even try to delete them. Another thing when you're on the computer people don't even think about their safty and thats how things happen. For example you can think you're talking to a friend but as it turns out you were talking to some stranger. Then you go meet up with your friend when it really wasn't. So you see safty is a real big problem with these computers. That's why I believe computers have a really negative impact on society. As a result, do you still believe that computers are a good beifit for society or bad beifit? My opinion stillis the same and I'm sure that there are others who believe the same. So this is why I think that computers are a bad benifit for society, and that computers can lead to more harm than do any good for people who use the computer. 5