Computers. One of the much enjoyed pieces of technology. But it is also one of the many distractions. Many people ponder if computers are really beneficial. I am one of those thinkers. I think that computers don't always benefit society. They have many, many distractions such as facebook, online games, and even inappropriate images and videos. If you really think of it, are computers as beneficial as we think? My friend, @PERSON2 was just told about facebook, and got a membership. It just started out as a 'na big deal' kind of thing. She went online often, just to check on her status and if she had any messages in her inbox, and that's @CAPS2. But then, she was full-blown addicted. She applied for @CAPS2 the clubs and groups, and she started getting behind in school. She was obtaining a plethora of @CAPS1's on most of her tests after not studying because she was on for almost six hours everyday. @PERSON2 would come home and not even bother to do homework, but would just immediately go online. After one month of being a member, she was failing @CAPS2 of her classes, and her mom took her computer priveleges away. See, she was distracted by one, little thing, and her whole life was almost destroyed. "But, mom, i'm in the middle of a game! And I'm winning!" @PERSON1 says vistoriously. @PERSON1 loves online games, and he wins almost @PERCENT1 of the time. But, that's not the point. He plays games @CAPS2 the TIME. @PERSON1's game playing gets in the way with the interaction of him and his family. He @CAPS3't played eith his four year old sister, @PERSON3 since she was two years old. his mother also often eats dinner alone. Sometimes, he even views inappropriate pictures when his mom is out shopping. When he's playing a game, a girl @CAPS4 him, "@CAPS5 at my pic. They're hot! and he looks at them. He thinks they're harmless but that's not what his mother thinks. his gaming has gotten in the way of his family and social life. most people think that computers are beneficial because you can find cool information. But, you can get @CAPS2 kinds of information from books. Instead of typing '@ORGANIZATION1', you could just @CAPS5 for it in a library. It takes less time, and you won't get carpal tunnel as easily. See? Computers aren't as beneficial as most think. There are @CAPS2 kinds of distraction, and these are only a few. 5