Dear Newspaper, "@CAPS1 no!' I forgot the deffinition to this homework problem and I don’t have my notes. Now, in this situation a computer would be very helpful to just type in the word and get a whole bunch of results. This is why I believe having access to a computer at all times is very helpfull because you can find information that you've been needing. You can get in touch with a friend if you need to or just to talk to lostly if you are just sitting around and having nothing to do you can just go on the computer and discover things you @MONTH1 not have known. Having access to a computer is a real and very helpfull because if your just having a conversation with someone and you forget a name of an important fact you want to tell them, you can always just look it up. For me, a lot of the times I just need information about maybe a sports player of facts about a famous event. Since our technology is so up to date the computer is right there sitting with many of the helpfull facts we would like to know. Friends are a big part of my life and I love just to talk to them and see how they are doing. Again, our technology is so advanced now that there is a bunch of websites where we can talk and see how we are doing. A big reason why being able to talk to friends and family is helpful is for taking to people that are very far away and the ones you dont normally see. On a computer you can talk to people from not only all over the @CAPS2.S.A but even in other countrys! Finally, the times I find having a computer around me most helpfull is when I am just bored with nothing to do! I can just visit a whole bunch of educational websites on things I @MONTH1 have learned in school or wanted to learn. On the internet there are many things to keep you occupied like games or ou can even watch movies from your home onto the computer! If you have a computer around your house you should not be bored because there is many things you can be doing or even learning! Having a computer around your house is so helpfull, you can have fun but your even learning how to be good with technology at the same time. Computers are the future and its a good one. So I suggest you pick one up and just have a blast, you wont be sorry. 4