Dear local Newspaper; @CAPS1 you know that computers teach you to do many things? You probably do! I understand you would like to know my opinion on whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people. Well, I think that it has a positive effect. Computers teach you how to type and learn the moun keys. It also helps you to look things up like people, states, and etc. Lastly, it helps you to interact with other students when not in school. i encourage you to continue reading to hear my wonderful and strategic ideas. First of all, I think that computers have a positive effect on people because it gives you the learning skills to learn how to type I remember last year in @NUM1 grade, the tech ed teacher, ma @LOCATION4, told to go on a website that was all about learning how to type. It told us that the main keys were. A,@CAPS2,@CAPS3,@CAPS4 and @CAPS5,@CAPS6,@CAPS7, and colon(;). It was very helpful. From then on I typed like that. I think that learning how to type is an excellent thing. Typing helps you if you want to become a secretary or even a newspaper editor. My mother is a secretary down town at the low form called: @ORGANIZATION1. She works for three houses so she learned to type really fast. Typing is a big part of your life. You can use it for a project that you have to do for class, or an essay lthat you have to type to apply for a scholarship ro colege. Typing is used everywhere, even in math class my teacher types up things and pits them on the @CAPS8 @CAPS9. In addition, computers have a positive affect on people because they help look up famous people, states, countries, and etc. I remember on @NUM2 grade I @CAPS1 a project on @CAPS10, and in @NUM3 grade I @CAPS1 a powerpoint on I've also done a project on @LOCATION1 in @NUM1 grade, I @CAPS1 one on @PERSON1 this year for music, and I'm beginning one on @LOCATION2 and @LOCATION3. As you can tell, I've been using a computer, basically my whole life, except when I was a baby, but now that I think about it, when @CAPS11 a baby I got a little fake computer. i know computers are @LOCATION1 but they do have a positive effect on people. When was the last time you need a computer to help you look up something or someone? Priority not too long ago. Computers are the real dael. They can help you do anything. They've helped me my whole life. To be continued, computers have a positive effect on people. They help interact with other people students, and fa mily members, when not in contact. I remember when my cousin moved away. i was so sad. I didn't went her to leave. So then she gave me her email to contact her on the computer so I could talk to her. The computer has many websites where people can interact like: @CAPS12, @CAPS14, @CAPS13, aol, msn, yahoo, g-mail, twitter, and many more. i like talking to people from all over the country. I talk to my friend when I'm at home. i talk to family members. My favorite website is @CAPS14. I am a fanatic of it. It'@CAPS2 spo much fun. Do you have a favorite interaction website? @CAPS1 you have any interaction websites? If you don't you should get one. This is why computers have a positive effect on people. In conclusion, i think that computers have a positive effect on people. One because they can interact with others. Two: they can look up things to help them. Three, they can develop a sense of typing. Thank you for reading my letter which I 'm sure has persuaded you to agree with me on how computers have a positive effect on people. 5