Readers of "@LOCATION2 @CAPS1" should be well informed of the benifets of computers to society. Not only do they teach hand-eye coordination, but they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and provide a means to easy, online communication. In this day and age, good coordination is esencial to prospering in society. Using computers provides a method of both establishing and improving hand-eye coordination from the comfort of your own household or workplace. Dr. @DR1, of @ORGANIZATION1 medical center, says that a recent study shows @NUM1 out of every @NUM2 computers users have better hand-eye coordination than people who do not operate on a computer regularly. In a local primary school, students have begun to "@CAPS2 to learn", a program that promotes quick typing. School officials have seen a dramatic increase in the typing speed of children since the program was started in @DATE1. In this way, the computer provides a secure route to better hand-eye coordination. Even more importantly, the hand-eye coordination gained from using a computer can increase the chances of getting a job involving computer hand-eye coordination as an adult such as the position of a secretary or grafic designer. While hand-eye coordination is a factor of computers that has an extremely positive effect on people, the ability to learn about distant places with the touch of a keyboard is even more benificial towards all users. Website such as google and yahoo can track down millions of results in a matter of seconds if you search the name of a city or country. This can be handy when working on school projects as well; instead of having to lug tens of books home to finish an essay on @LOCATION1, you can simply look up the information on a computer at your house. When summertime comes around, and the last school bell rings, you can instead research faraway places that could turn into vacation spots instead of homework assignments. All of the travel information from plane tickets to the right currency is at your fingertips on a computer. If "@LOCATION2 @CAPS1" readers were aware of this, lots of trouble would be prevented and lots of time would be saved. The one component of computers that is used even more than research is online communication. State officials, governers, and even the president can post messages on websites for citizens to view while they check the weather or their email. This is a much easier way to hear goverment statements than waiting through endless commercials to hear speeches on the @CAPS4. Social networking sites are also immensly popular, and on pages like facebook and twitter you can reconnect with people who you don't have the chance to see everyday, or don't lie relative vincinity. If your cousin is going to school abroad, and did not have access to an international phone, you could communicate with them through email on the computer, and it would be as if they never left. It is ridiculous to think that someone could find computers - the gateway to faraway places, good hand-eye coordination, and the connection ten distant friends and family - a concern to society. They help town in countless ways and "@CAPS5 @CAPS1" readers should be aware of this. 5