Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever gone somewhere, taken pictures, and posted them on the computer? If you have you will remember where you visited. But atleast you went to @ORGANIZATION1, or @LOCATION1 or somewhere. There are some people who are on the computer all day. Instead of experiencing nature and taken on @CAPS1 life brings to them, they are on facebook or youtube all day. This disgusts me because there are many fun, beautiful, and entertainings things to do. In @CAPS2 opinion I think computers have negative effects on people. People miss out on enjoying nature or interacting with friends and family. Some people do not get exercise anymore and it hurts to see obese people just sit ther and do nothing about there lives. First I'd like to talk about obesity. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of children are obese at young a young age? Computers take the place of exercising for a young boy or girl. They should go outside and play sports like basketball or soccer. Another thing is those game websites. Children get so caught up in a computer game, everything around them just disappears. All they worry about is winning the game. While playing this game they might eating doritos. Sooner or later five pounds is gained. Then they will regret not exercising and not be able to move. Later in life, when things are bad for them, they will realized on how many fantastic things they missed. Then they will say "@CAPS1 did I do with @CAPS2 life?" @CAPS2 next point shows that people are not enjoying nature. Have you ever taken a nice walk in the park? I know I have. Well people sit inside all day just taking a peek out the window, but don't think about going outside. Nature is beautiful, smells nice, even refreshing at times. But no. People sit on there butt all day. On the computer accomplishing absolutely nothing. Why can't they go outsite for a walk or a jog? People can see animals like squirrels climbing up a tree. How cute. But instead they play a virtual game where you shoot squirrels with a paint ball gun. So much is missed because of computers. As much as not enjoying nature upsets me, some people blow off their own family just to watch a re-run of family guy on youtube. @CAPS1 have we come to? Some children hit their parents because the parents shut the computer off. I'd rather enjoy a meal with @CAPS2 family and then just sit down, relax, and talk. Also some people don't get sleep becuse they are "doing something important" and miss a family trip or even school. In conclusion I believe that computers are bad because of obesity, missing nature, and not enjoying company of family & friends. 5