Dear The @CAPS1, @CAPS2 has been an argument wheter computers do or do not have a positive effect on people. Some believe, that computers have negative effets on people for example spending too much time, not exercising, and not interacting with family and friends. However, I believe computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches hand-eye coordination, lets people know about faraway places, and allows people to talk online. To conclude, computers have a positive effect on people. Did you know hand-eye coordination can be helpful at times? Well, it true because if you are in distress and the phone is broken and you don't have a cellphone then send an emergency e-mail to one of your friends informing them to call all and since you have hand-eye coordination you can type without having to look down. Also if your in college and have an important essay due tomorrow then hand-eye coordination can really help you write down notes without having to look back at the writing paper. Finally, with hand-eye coordination it can help you can join the army because if you spot a threat you can aim and shoot quickly without having to take out the gun after threat attacks. To conclude, computers teaches hand-eye coordination. Have you ever wanted to go to a forgein places? Well with computers you can do that you can just search the place and see what the place has. Fethermore, if you want to learn to speak a forgein language you can all you have to do is type in the language with a question and search its so easy a baby can do it. Finally, if you want to learn how to cook like forgein places do then type in the type of food or its name and search. To summarize, computers lets people know about forgein places. Have you ever have the feeling that you want to talk to somebody? I know I have this is why computers can help you talk to people online just tree the person's e-mail adresses and type the message. Also you don't have to waste money on paper and envelopes. Finally, having an e-mail is free so you can talk all you want. To conclude, computers help people talk online. In summarization, computers have a positive effect on people. It helps them have hand-eye coordination, learn about new places, and lets them talk. 5