Dear @LOCATION1, @CAPS1 your computer ever crashed, and you needed to do a presentation? Well if so, that means you probably had to do your presentation on paper, the old fashioned way. Recently, there @CAPS1 been a debate going on between experts about computers. Some think they make your life more efficient while others think they make you spend too much time on them rather than outdoors. I believe that computers make our lives easier and that the advances in technology have a positive effect on people. I think this because it teaches you skills and updates you on info. around the world, it's efficient for work and helps the environment, and lastly, it let's people stay in touch. Computers have a positive effect on people because it let's family members stay in touch. Emails are an example of this. Instead of mailing a letter, you are electronically sending it. The person recieves it quicker and can answer ina more timely manner. Also, social networking sites help families keep in touch. One example of this is facebook. You can see what the person is doing and chat with them using facebook chat. I relate to this. My cousin lives in @LOCATION2, so I don't see him a lot. Through facebook, we can talk and update each other on our lives. Lastly, you can see pictures of your family. Many families have accounts on photo sharing sites. This enables them to see pictures or recent vacations or sporting events. They can comment and every member of the family can see how everyone looks/changes throughout the year. That is how computers let people stay in touch. Another reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it teaches you skills and updates you on information. Computers teach you hand-eye coordination. When you type with a keyboard, you have to know where each letter is. This makes it possible to lok at the screen to recognize my errors. Hand eye coordination is a good skill for everyone to know. Computers update you on world news. Many homepage on the internet have news engines built into them. These news engines keep people updates on major news events. For example, the war in @LOCATION5, or more recently, the @LOCATION3 and @LOCATION4 earthquakes. Without the internet, we would be very behind on important news updates around the world. My last reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it is efficient for work and they help the environment. Computers help the environment because you are not using as much paper. Throughout the year, @CAPS2 use billions of sheets of paper to write letters. With computers that number goes down into the thousands. Why you @MONTH1 ask? Emails don't recquire paper. They are electronic, which means no paper. They are also environmentally friendly because news paper companies are going out of buisness. Due to online news paper news is becoming less and less popular. Computers are efficient for work because it is so easy to make presentations. There are so many programs to use, that making a big presentation could take minutes. That is why computers make work easy but help the environment at the same time. As you can see, computers have many positive effect on people. They let family members stay in touch, they teach you skills, and they are efficient for work while being environmentally friendly. That is why I believe computers have a positive effect on people. Let me ask you this question again. @CAPS1 your computer ever crashed when you needed to do a big project? Now you know that computers make life efficient. What would you do without them? So now it's your turn, go out and buy a computer because you will be thankful you did. 5