@CAPS1 judgment comes from expirience, and expirience comes from bad judgement, qouted from my uncle's dad. Computers haven't been around all that long for the public, so the public has little experience. Therefore, the public also lacks @CAPS1 judgement in using computers and the detrimental effects are starting to show. Computers have caused damage to people! To begin with, computers can be a @CAPS2 issue for people. In studies in @LOCATION1, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 @CAPS3 who spend their time (@NUM3 or more hours) are wearing glasses. Because of bad @CAPS2 effects the screen has on your eyes. Furthermore, computer games are made to be addicting, which causes @CAPS3 to sit in front of the computer instead of excercising. This @MONTH1 be one of the biggest causes of obesity in @LOCATION2! My little brother used to be addicted to a flying game, and he sat in front of it for hours every day and started to get fat. As soon as he stopped playing it and going outside more he immediatly started to lose fat. Therefore, people need to move around more instead of sitting in front of the computer. To continue, my second argument is about detrimental effects computers have on the enviroment. First, computers need electricity to run. That electricity comes from power plants. Over @PERCENT1 of @LOCATION2's powerplants are coal, petroleum, or natural gas based. When people turn on the computer because they are bored, it wastes electricity that doesn't need to be used. Furthermore, scientists suspect humans are now a major cause of global warming. It is common sense that those powerplants burn their respective fuels to create electricity. In other words there is a definite connection between computers and global warming. Also, the powerplants release pollutants into the air that can eventually cause acid rain. To end with, my last argument is about people's skills. In a school survey, @CAPS3 who used their computers for more than @NUM4 hours per day didn't know how to cook or how to even light a match! There is a definite connection between the two as most people just put something in the microwave to eat to be able to go back to the computers as fast as possible. The matches are lit by parents to light fires or candles, But what happens when a natural disaster strikes like in @LOCATION3 or @LOCATION4? How will @CAPS3 be able to fend for themselves? The only way to cook would be with fire. There wouldn't be microwaves to cook canned food with. Furthermore, how would @CAPS3 be able to even start a fire without @CAPS4 how to light a match? Evidently excessive computer use could have very detrimental effects in a natural disaster, even to adults, so we need to stop it! Do you want @LOCATION2 to be thought of as @CAPS5 and @CAPS6? Should the enviroment, our only home, suffer because of a few bored people? How will we handle a major natural disaster? In conclusion, people are spending too much time on their computers, and they need to stop! People are becoming @CAPS6, @CAPS7 the environment, and losing important life skills. We need to all come together and cooperate to keep people healthy, to retain our life skills, but most importantly ssave our one and only beautiful @LOCATION5. 6