Dear People of @LOCATION2, @CAPS1 many hours a day do you spend being active? Now answer me this, @CAPS1 much time do you spend on you computer? To many @CAPS2 today are sitting down in front of a computer, laptop, ecetra, while not enough are lacing up their shoes for a jog. Computers are ruining us, they deter our social skills, damage our health and cause us to be lazy. They are unbenificial to our society. To start with, millions of people sign up for @CAPS3, @CAPS4, and other website like these to reconnect with people. Do you realize what this means? Now no one has to get in a car and go visit any one else. There is no longer a need to interact with other life forms, nor is there a want to. Lets say there's a woman sitting on her couch. All of a sudden her face lights up with the thought of her friend @PERSON1. She gets up to go start the car, but hey eye catches on the computer. She bites her lip, trying to decide wether to go see her, or have an online chat. Feeling lazy, she sits down. Do you really want that happening to everyone? To late it already has. Moving along, i'd like to take a moment to talk about our health. As most of us knows, fresh air is good for us. Imagine this, you're walking through the woods on a trail. The crisp, cool air, tickles you skin, and breathing it in just makes you smile. Your entire body feels energized from the treking. With passels of days like this ahead, you can'@CAPS7 wait. Now imagine this, your sitting in front of a computer, in a hot, stuffy room. You back aches from being in this posistion so long. Plus you think your getting a cold and you have migrane. You'd get off, but you have another app request. You @CAPS6'@CAPS7 feel like moving back to reality which do you prefer? Above and beyond all this, there's exercise to worry about. I mean, when's the last time that you yourself went on a bike ride? I'm sure you know that it's good for your body if you exercise, but your to busy on the computer. I think it's safe to say that half of @LOCATION1 would rather update their @CAPS4 than get up and move. It's crucial to our health that we get active. To sum up, alot of us are pondering wether or not to spend more time on the compuer. Well here's you answer, "@CAPS6'@CAPS7." Not enough people are interacting now a days, their spending the best years of their lifes stuffed up in a house, and most importantly, let's face it, their getting fat. Computers are taking over our lives it's now, or never, make the change to a better and more satisying lifestyle. Please @LOCATION1, turn off the computer. 5