Computers can affect the way people are and how they interact. Why is there a need to spend your precious life sitting in front of a compute all day?When you can be getting exercise for example going to your local gym. Computers become a distraction to your social life, thats why you should use them for emergency's and spend more time with your wonderful family and friends. Lastly you can enjoy you surrounding and appreciate life and nature. Computers are meant for business not for people to sit around and to nonsense things. Exercise is very important it helps the human body grow and stay in fit. If your sitting in front of a computer all day your body is going to shut down and won't get the proper exercise. Sports can be just as enjoyable and helps build the human body and gives you the right amount of exercise that your body needs. Sports also build hand and eye coordination just like if your sitting on the couch using a computer. In conclusion exercising can give you all of the same utensils that computers give you but it also benefits citizens more. Family is a wonderful thing in life, but they don't live forever. That's why we should cherries every last moment we have with them. A complete citizens and drives them from family and friends. Computers can take away your social life and you never do go out and meet people and friends. To sum things up computers are a to citizens and cause them to drive out family and friends. Nature is exotic and beautiful and all of us should take care of it and appreciate what we have. Computers can become harmful to nature and destroy homes for animals, for example when you print something from your computer it prints if out on paper. This causes more trees to be knocked down and cut for paper. We should only use paper for emergency's and not splurge on it. We all want the world to be a better place so stop destroying it for our own benefits! In conclusion computers just in the and will cause chaos and destruction. Instead of using them we could be getting the right amount of exercise, and spending it with family, and lastly enjoying nature and our surroundings. I strongly consider that you take my ideas into consideration and hopefully agree with them. 4