@ORGANIZATION1, In my opinion computers can be entertaining and educational, but should not replace everyday living. Therefore I think that computers harm people and effect them in ways they do not realize. Three reasons that support my decision are the difference between reality and fantacy, family and friends, and your health. Many children and young adults are vulnerable to the assumtion that everything you see on the computer is true. Well, as some find out it is everything but that. The addictive games and electronic features lead you to believe that the people or @CAPS1 @CAPS2 you see are real life situations and activities. Computers are showing kids the wrong mind frame they need to be in. It affects school work and how they behave. They need to be in the right state of mind and get back to reality. Your family and friends have always been there for you. By your side even through your worst. Unfourtunetly, this addiction to the computer has brought you farther away from them. They are not happy with the way you treat them. They want a change so you can enjoy life again. Interact with a human being, not some graphic designed computer picture. That's all it is anyway, and that picture isn't going to be there for you. Your family and friends last longer than that. Your body is special and your health is important. A computer @MONTH1 suggest exercise but you are not going to really do it. You know that and the people who make computer sites know that. Your going to stay there and burn your eyes out from looking at a screen all day. It is not healthy for you or anyone else. Moving you fingers and pushing buttons is not exercise. Your already sitting anyway, so you are not doing anything helpful to yourself. You need to go outside and breathe in air and be in nature. Run around or play a bill game, but not on the computer. In conclusion, you can see how a computer can effect a person. Not only do they mistake fantacy and reality as the same thing, but you lose interaction with your friends and loved ones. Your health is also at risk when you spend hours staring and not moving anything but maybe two fingers. Please consider the risks and believe the facts because honestly, we are losing the chance to live and enjoy the world. 5