Dear Newspaper of @LOCATION1, The use of the computer is a controversial topic. Many people have varying opinions & beliefs, But I personally believe that computers have a positive effect on the people who use & operate them. These remarkable devices give people the ability to talk & be social with friends and family members. They let people know what is going on in the world, and give updates on the condition of countries and events. They will also provide information, and give people the ability to research and learn more about a topic or idea. A computer is a necessity in todays society, & to go against it is a proposterous motion. Many people young & old are starting to use the computer to be social with friends & family members through various types of websites & programs. A computer is to talk to someone without physically being there. The social aspect of a computer is rising in popularity and many people are using computers to be social. Social networking sites, and instant messaging programs are just two at the many ways to be socially active on a computer. A social networking site as a website that allows you to make an account and post pictures and information for your friends to see. To take away the computer would take away many peoples social lives. The computer benefits many people socially and this has a positive effect on their lives. Todays news is always with exciting events and horrible disaters that many people like to be updated with. Most people do not like to wait for the newspaper to arrive to read about the fastest news. So they check online and find about it there. Online news is widely popular & extremely beneficial to many people. It provides them with the lastest stories and updated events. Online news was extremely crucial in the lastest disaster, the earthquake in @LOCATION2. Because online news is so fast and easy to acess. People were donating & helping @LOCATION2 just a day after the earthquake happened. The fast response is what is helping @LOCATION2 rebuild from the rubble. Computers provide people with online news & this is definitely beneficial to their lives. Before people starting using computers to research topics & ideas they would use books. They would have to shuffle through piles of pages and articles in newspapers. This is a very inefficient & disorganized way to be research. Now we have the computer. The computer allows you to recall through endless information and topics. It is not possible to an article or essay with information because it will always be in the same place. This allows for guide and efficient research. There are also websites called online databases on the internet. All have to do is type in a keyword or phrase and you have instant research on whatever you wont you wont information on. All this takes time off of research and put it on whatevers else you would wanting to be doing, whether it is writing a paper or doing a presentation. The computer allows for quick and beneficial research. The computer hasn't been in use for that long and it is already helping society expand & grow. It provides a social aspect where you can talk to friends & family. You can provide yourself with the lastest news & stories, and you can do quick & easy research. A computer without a doubt has a positive effect on society and we as people. The experts can say what they want, but the computer is and always will be benefit to society. 5