Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I understand that the idea of advances in technology benefiting society is a very controversal topic. However, I support these advances in technology and I believe that computers have a positive effect on people. They allow friends and family who live far away from each other to communicate and stay in touch. Computers @CAPS7 allow easy access to the news and online textbooks which provides an enourmous amount of benifits to today's society. In the long run, doing more things by computer instead of on paper will save billions of trees! @CAPS7, computers teach us hand-eye coordination which is a tremenciously important skill. These advances in technology are extremely benefitial to our society and should be taken advantage of! "@CAPS1, @CAPS1!" @CAPS3 computer wails as I recieve a video call from @CAPS3 cousin, @PERSON4. The advantage in technology has provided many new ways for @CAPS3 family and I to communicate with each other. @CAPS3 cousins and I rarely see one another, but computers make it possible for us to stay connected. Four out of five teenagers would agree that without computers or technological advances, their long-distance relationships with family and friends wouldn't be possible. For example; I go on oovoo once a week to video chat with @CAPS3 cousin whom I only see on holidays. Teen @CAPS4, @PERSON2 says: "Technology such as computers and cell phones are great for teens, but it should be monitored and not used excessively." Computers are great for keeping in touch with family and friends at a distance! Next, computers allow easy access to the news and online textbooks. @CAPS5 more people took advantage of this, we could sace millions of trees and have a healthier environment. Environmentalist, @PERSON3 says: "@CAPS5 more schools switched to online textbooks they would end up saving thousands of dollars that can be put elsewhere." I agree, @CAPS3 friend @PERSON1 says. "@CAPS5 we didnt have to take home so many textbooks everyday, I might not have scoliousis!" @CAPS7, computers allow quick access to the news, so we can find out about accidents right away instead of waiting for the newspaper to come. @CAPS7, computers help children develop hand-eye coordination, which is a very important skill. Computer activities keep our brain excercising and @MONTH1 even help us hit more accurately next baseball season! Three out of five kids at @ORGANIZATION2 say that @CAPS5 they didn't have a computer growing up, they wouldn't be as good at their sport. Computers are an extremely useful recource for many things that we need to take advantages of! 6