Dear @CAPS1 of the Newspaper, @CAPS2 is no doubt that computers don'@CAPS6 benefit society. First of all, most people only have a limited amount of time to things. Secondly, many friends would get mad if you can'@CAPS6 see them. Last but not least, you have to watch out for your health. To sum up, computers aren'@CAPS6 always a good thing. From my point of view, time is a big thing. When people get so involved with something, its hard to back away. Thats just like smoking. The nicotine attracks you so once you start, it is very hard to quit. Many lazy people like to put things on hold. In other words, you waste time. The time that you could be spending on homework or even working on a job, your wasting it. Other people know that they need to do something but keep putting it off. For example, you need to paint your house or fix the motor in the car but you keep putting it off. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people do this in @LOCATION1 everyday. As you of all people can see, many @CAPS3 don'@CAPS6 think too much about time. The next big topic is @CAPS4. You and I both know that every one needs a @CAPS5. When you don'@CAPS6 interact with your Friends, your friends might not bother trying to talk to you. The might not even go near you if you forget about them. Pets on the other hand need you. They usually just sleep around the house when they are lonely. I'm sure that you know pets need love and need you to play with them. Parents need to be @CAPS2 for their kids. When you were little, didn'@CAPS6 you need help? I know I did. Thats why parents need to interact a lot. In conclusion, the more you stick with your friends and stay away from the computer the better you will be. That leads us to the next big topic, health. Staying healthy's no joke. If you want to live long and watch you rkids grow up, the healthier you are the hotter you'll be. Everyone needs exercise. Exercise helps prevent against diseases as well as keepin gyou in shape. @NUM3 out of @NUM1 eople are over weight. When you are sitting in front of a computer screenplay games or sending e-mails, that's just as as palying video games on your @CAPS6.V. You know as well as anyone, most video games are not good for you. Last but not least, most people don'@CAPS6 eat healthy when they play video games or go on the computer. You and I both know, a healthy diet and exersice will give you a happy life. From my point of view, computers don'@CAPS6 benefit society. Time is a big thing which many @CAPS3 don'@CAPS6 realize. Secondly, @CAPS4 which everyone needs is another important thing to look into. Last but no least, everyone everywhere needds to stay healthy. For a long happy life. As you can see, many people would be better off without computers! 5