Computers are the way of the future. I believe that computers benefit society. I believe this because computers enable you to talk to family and friends online. It also gives you thousands of websites to learn valuable information from. Lastly it teached hand-eye coordination. First computers alow you to socialize online. I know @CAPS1 I get home from school I can talk to virtually any friends online. People against computers say it takes away time from interacting with family, however, this is not true. I talk to all of my aunts via facebook and other social websites. Also @CAPS1 my parents are at work the are abile to message me over the computer with out having to go get a phone and call my house. My last reason for this is that it helps me and my friends get intouch easier lets say I'm having a friend come over, but he got sick. He woulden't have to go look up a number and call me, he could just send me a message of the internet. My second reason is that computers help with education. I know that @CAPS1 I'm stuck on a problem at home, I'll just go on the computer and look up the answer. Also, @CAPS1 I have to do projects, the computer is very helpful for me and many other kids, @CAPS1 doing a project, I can't getall of my information from one book so I go on the computer and look up information about the subject. This really improves students grades, because they had more resources and more information to choose from, instead of only the information in the book. My last reason is that using a computer can help with hand-eye coordination. On the computer there are many sites that have very interactive sites the you can really benefit from I know of one website that was able to help me with my fielding in baseball because it had interactive games that would actually help with things is real life, like fielding in baseball. I know there are other websites like this for many other sports like basketball and foot ball. So the computer actually helped with real life activities. To sum it all up I think computers can benefit society a lot. Like being able to communicate with your friends. Also being able to look up school work with. Lastly helping with hand-eye coordination. 5