@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 has been a lot of discusion of whether computers effect people in a positive way or in a negative way. I believe that computers effect most people negatively. I think this because people lose their people skills" by talking through the computer, computers @MONTH1 also lead to danger, and because people tend to forget about their priorities in life. From what i know. most people that use computers use them to talk to friends and other people around the world. Instead of hangingout with their friends they talk through the computer and if that what they do, more than hanging in person then they won't reconize the facial expressions given to them by certin people, while talking in person you get the full on experience of communicating with them. You get the tome of voide in addition to the facial expressions. You also get the body language which you can't get from on the computer unless you are using webcam. Computers have led to many dangers. These dangers effect every user and their families. @CAPS1 have been many cases of young teenagers being tricked by ader users into showing them parts of their body to making the teens believe that the older user can relate to their problems and are the same age. sometime the teen is persuade to leave their home and neighbor hood to meet the other user. Also, another type of danger is cyberbulling. Cybe bulles lower yourself-esteem. The bullies call you names and pick on you and sometimes make you feel suicidal. If we hadnt had any computer then none of these dangers would be occuring. With computers people have lost their judgement in top priorites. Some computers uses tend to forget about the important things in life such as family, schools work, and their own health. Some people would rather stay on the computer than hangout with family and friends. Others tend to choose not to do their homework and work on their social life on the computer instead. Since they are on the computer alot they seem to ignore their health. They don't exercise as much and don't eat as healthy. So in my opinion, life without computers would be good for everyone. People would still have the people skills they had before, their wouldn't be as much danger, and people would focus more on the important thins than their online social lives." 4