Dear @PERSON3 of the @LOCATION1, I strongly believe that computers effect us in a positive way. Computers are advancing and so are their uses, computers are great and they are not our thought process or went to run around outside and play sports. Computers help us find and talk to relatives and friends they allow us to learn different things about farien places. They also are great for research! First and foremost computers are effecting us positively expesally when it comes to finding and talking to family and friends. My mom was adopted and @NUM1 years ago she really wanted to find her birth family, one year later her birth father found her on this website where you can locate family, she found her family and I now have two more @CAPS1, @PERSON1 and @PERSON2, and a cousin @PERSON4. I love them all very much. I would not have of been able to get to know them if it wasnt for the computer, speaking of communication, I was working like a dog on this big science prodject I had. we weren't able to do it in person and it @CAPS3 impossible for one person to three way four people. So we emailed our ideas and thoughts and were able to get the project done. "@CAPS2 are never enough hours in the day!" @CAPS3 something that @CAPS3 commonly said. Over @PERCENT1 of adults complain that @CAPS2 @CAPS3 never enough time in day. That @CAPS3 a statistic from @ORGANIZATION1. The computer allows you to multi task so you can be on your business call and email your mother so she know that you didn't forget her birthday. In addition, computers help us understand other countries and learn about their culture and how they are doing. @CAPS2 are many people who don't have tvs and they get their news from the internet. Also for projects, in @NUM2 grade I had to learn about @CAPS4, the country in @LOCATION2. it would take countless hours to find research in books, you will find a lot of stuff you dont need, but on the computer it @CAPS3 fast and easy. If you need to know something you can just type it in and, boom! You have it where as if you were usinf a book you would still be looking for what you need. Time @CAPS3 something that we can't afford to waste expessaly in this economy. Furthermore, computers are great for all kinds of research and directions. People who think that people spend too much time on the computer, and exersizing are not always right. I don't know about you, @PERSON3, but I am constantly looking up different exersizes to get a flat stomach. Most of my friends do it with me. I also look up directions, finding routs on maps are enfuriating and take for ever. Go on the computer the maps are always updated and you can get easy and fast directions! I don't know about you but I love things fast and easy. Going back to research, what about for solving crimes? Identifying people with finger prints fast so no one can get hurt. In conclusion computers effect us in possitive ways, more and are a great help to society, from locating people, to communication, and all the way to finding valuable and life changing information. I hope that you and I see eye to eye in this matter, advancing computers are our friends not the enemy. 5