As more and more people are becoming accustomed to using computers, I believe that this is having a negative effect on society. Because of computers people are not exercising as much as they should, which is of crucial importance. In addition, people are becoming unable to envoy and appreciate nature while they still can. Finally, people are slowly being their ability to communicate with family and friends. As every day people are getting in touch with technology they are losing touch with the world around them. Therefore, the advances in technology are having a negative affect on society. When the average, person uses, the computers, be it for business, homework, chatting, or just for fun, they are easily occupied for long periods of time. They consider themselves "too busy" for a thing called exercise which is becoming more and more curcial to our health and well-being. With music, walk, cool friends right in front of us, who has live. Time to go for a walk, jog, or bike ride? with computers, people are the will exercise. In this day and age, when is becoming a we need our exercise more. Every day rainforests indicated on the one, polluted, and clouded. We need and because of the realize ever a @ORGANIZATION1 screen. We need to write up and appreciate with the @ORGANIZATION1. As time goes by communication technology through the internet this issue of helping @CAPS1, healthy relationships is becoming a progressively worse issue. "@CAPS1 @CAPS2" is something that doesn't completely exist on the internet. This means that while you @MONTH1 find someone you can call a "friend" online, you never know exactly who they are until you've actually, met them...which could be potentially dangerous. Additionally, the very @CAPS1 emotions and human need for interaction that comes with relationships is something their can never be simulated or programmed, no matter how "advanced" your technology is. As you can see, the dependancy on and average of computers is having a negative affect in our society. We are not taking the time for exercise, and human interacting, all of which are to our health. And in a world where it's more important than ever to do. healthy, grateful, and diplomatic, we are slowly losing important. Therefore, @ORGANIZATION1, are having a negative affect on society. 5