Dear local Newspaper, In my opinion computers are a help to our plant. The new technology makes life easier to handle. The computer are a help because it teaches hand-eye coordination. You can talk to people, and it is a new way to be entertained. Computers can teache hand-eye coordination because of typing. Whether someone knows it or not when you are typing fast it is help you hands. Also the fact you that if your typing without making is also helping because it makes your hand easier to move. The typing is giving your hand lots of exersise because your hands are moving all over the place. The more you move them the more excersise you can get. Computers can really help hand-eye coordination alot. Computers can also help by talking to people. To talk to people far away is better to talk to on the computer because if you have a webcam you can see each other. You are able to talk to people from different countries. Also computers are able to be used in business meetings when a business has to talk with another from different locations. Like if part of the business is doing a project in hong kong, then the boss can set up a meeting to see how it is going. Another way to use computers to talk to people is to speak with a person you are not able to see in person. Like if a oerson is in the hospital but you're not able to go, then you can talk while seeing each other throw the computer. Computers are a great way to use in communication. Computer are also a new way to get entertained. They can entertain you because there is games that you can play. There are games that come with the computers and a lot of games on the internet. Other they being bored all the time you can play thousands of game with just a click on a mouse. Also to not be bored you can watch videos like youtube. You can listen te musicor watch comedy videos. Video also show a way do express what you feel and sat it in comedy, horror, or sad videos. Also for teenagers there is ways to talk to their friends like facebook. On the website you can talk with anyone on your friends list. In the end computer can help kids, adults, or teenagers. With just a clicking your mouse you can find a new powerful way of technology. And be able to got better hand-eye coordination talk to people and get entertained. So go get yourself a computer and amazed! 4