Dear Local Newspaper @CAPS1 are you adminitrating your loacl newapaper to society? You are probably using a computer to type the documents. If the government, businesses, schools, students and local newspaper are using computers for a variety of different tasks then @CAPS1 are thet not helpful? Primarily, computers are used for typing, editing and presenting as stated before, local newpaper are required to use computers to present their work. As a member of society, I knew I would not want to read something not typed anyway. The govermnet must announce laws to the people and use typed documents to communicate with different countries & states. Without computers signs, flyers, bussinesses, and even newspapers would not be possible. You are running late to work able to traffic on the hignway. @CAPS1 are you supposed to explain to your boss in time? You can simply email him the situation and arrive stress-free to work. Prctically the entire world uses computers as a source of communication, so why be indifferent? Computers make life easier for people through communication like email, social network websites such as facebook and aol, and even video chat. Computers supply an excellent source of communication that is even used throughout schools. Teachers and administrater interact with each other with important message using computers. if computers are important to them, the @CAPS1 could they be destructive to society? As a western middle school students, I know the amount of projects and research we are required to do per class. Without the internet this would almost be impossible. The internet allows research to happen. After reseach is finished, the paper or homework assignment must be typed and printed. Without the assitance from computers, ahving naetly-written and well-researched assignments would not be possible. To conclusion, I feel that computers are an excellent advance in technology and should be used as frequently as possiblr. Without them, newspaper could not print, teachers could not communiacte, and students couldn't complete tasks for school. As a student I know they help me with school and communicating with my friends and relatives. If computer are such a helpful source to society, why would people consider them as a concern? 5