Dear @ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1 there has been a lot of talk about how computers effect society. Some "experts" say computers are good for society and some think the opposite computers are bad for society because they make children obese, decrease a person social skills, and even make children less educated. Computers are just plain bad. In recent years studies show that children that use the computer often are less likely and less willing to get active. Dr. @PERSON1 says, "The more children use computers is the more time they waste @CAPS3 not being active at all." A study conducted @CAPS3 the @ORGANIZATION1 shows that children that use the computer @NUM1 hours a day are more obese then children who use it one hour or less a day. Computers keep children inside all day. A child on the computer is wasting time not being active. The main reason children become fat on the computer is because it is easier to just go on the computer than to walk and exert energy. Computer are a direct cause to child obesity, and they are a threat to society. Some of you @MONTH1 think a computer can increase social skills, and you are dead wrong! On a computer you can "talk" to friends, but it is not like you are actually talking to them. On a computer you can talk in privite and say what ever the heck you want. In public if you say something bad you will get in a lot of trouble. A computer offers no face to face interaction. So when a person who uses a computer often is at a social gathering they are usually very awkward. My cousin spends all of his time on the computer and when I went to his on christmas he never took his eyes off the screen! Computers is destroying the social life millions of people. Did you know that people who use the computer often are usually less smart than kids who don't? "Experts" on computers say that computers can be used for infenite nolege. The key word in that fraise is "can". just because kids have knoledge at their finger tips doesn't mean the will use it. On many projects and homework assignments I have record kids say "@CAPS2 I just copied and printed an article on google." @CAPS3 copying and printing students don't learn anything. Computers are slowly making people less educated. Ever since the invention of the computer people have seen promise for society. Now computers are destroying society @CAPS3 making people fat, socialy weird, and less educated. So how can people still think computers are good? 5