Dear newspaper, @CAPS1 some beleive computers do not benefil society, I do. Computers help buisnesses thrive, keep people people aware of what is going on in the world, and allow people to stay in touch with each other. Computers greatly benefit small and large buisnesses across the world. Imagine all the jobs at each buisnesses without a computer. Buisnesses would be unreliable because no instant contact would mean it might take a long time for products to be assembled and shipped. Any buisness owner would cringe at the idea of running of buisness without a computer. When surveyed, @NUM1 out of @NUM2 buisness owners and workers would prefer a computers assistance at work. Almost every modern day buisness relies on at least one computer. For example, companies that mass - produce their products often rely on computers to do jobs more precisely than a worker. Sometimes computer operated robots do dangerous jobs so workers are not at risk. Buisness also need computers to quickly recieve and send information to other buisnesses and people. Buisnesses are not the only need for computers. People use computers as much if not more, than buisnesses. People like you and me use computers to keep in touch with friend and people we know. Thanks to websites like @CAPS2 and e-mail people can easily stay in touch. Families use computers to plan get-togethers. Friends use computers to keep contact after grade school or if they do not live nearby. With computers, anyone that is anywhere can be in constant contact with anyone else. People also like to know news imediately. Without computers it would be alot harder to contact the rest of the world. Imagine a natural disaster accuring and not knowing about it right away. In that case we could not send aid to the area. With the recent earthquakes in @LOCATION1 and @LOCATION2. Knowledge about the rest of the world is even more important. Newspapers provide news and information but a day or two late and they often use computers to aquire that information. Eighty-seven percent of scientists agree that recieving information would be a lot harder. 5