Imagine standing outside, the warm sun dancing on your back, jumping into the pool and feeling the cool water flow around you. But no, that won't happen. Because children and their parents are spending way to much time on their computers. People aren't getting enough excercise, it can be very dangerous and families are spending less time with each other without computers, so its worse with them. I think people need to realize that computers are over the humans. Humans especially children, need exercise. But with computers that isn't really possible. More and more children are becoming obese by the year. Computers are making that happen quicker. Instead of sitting at the computer eating potato chips, children should be outside on their bikes, or swimming, or playing sports with their friends. If it is winter, the least kids could do is go sledding. Children need to expirience nature, not the screen of a computer. The computer can also be very dangerous. @NUM1 year olds are making facebooks! You can find @NUM2 year old on the internet now. Naive teenagers go find "friends" in chatrooms or on @CAPS2, and their "friends" lie to them, about their age, another indentity. Many teenagers go and meet someone they met online and end up getting raped or killed. There are many sick people in the world, and many of them use the internet to find people. Lots of teenagers give out personal information like their last name, cellphone number, or where they live, and thats an easy way for predators to find them. It puts them, and their whole family in danger. Computers are breaking up families, and friends. Things like @CAPS1, @CAPS2,@CAPS3, farmpring, @CAPS4, etc. are turning people against each other. Some families even eat dinner at the computer. When friends go over other friend's houses, they just sit on the computer. Why is it so fun to just look at the computer screen? Families need to do something together like eat dinner together, go out for ice cream, go shopping, something, anything but going on the computer all day. I'll admit, I am a little addicted to the computer. But I don't go on it @NUM3, like some people. Instead of eating dinner at the computer, go out to dinner as a family. Instead of online shopping, go shopping with your friends. It isn't hard to at back @NUM4 or @NUM5 hours of going on the computer. Am I the only teenager who thinks this? Maybe. But I know that I am benefitting myself by cutting back on the computer. We don't get enough exercise, it can become really dangerous, and family and friends should start spending more time together. Computers can do everything more than humans can, and we need to stop it. 5