Since computers were invented, a colossal change in the way society functions has taken place. People how can go on to their computers to communicate with peers, get information on any topic for a school paper, or just because the internet to watch videos and stories. Magazine and newspaper articles, books and even movies and shows sre available on today's computer! This advancement in technology has made the @NUM1 century the most modern era this world has ever seen, and is beneficial to society. The "computer age" has given people in today's society the incredible opportunity to broaden their imaginations through technology. You can, in less than one minute go on the internet type in to @ORGANIZATION1 whatever movie or book you want and start watching instantly. People have always said that books can take you anywhere you want. Well, the computers can do the same thing, expect with greater efficiency and with more places to choosen from. You can, instead of buying a book, go online and read of the faraway city of @LOCATION1, or of the eruption of the @CAPS1 @CAPS2, and you can do it with mind-blowing speed. Some think that by wasting time on computers, people are using up time that could be spent studying or with family. Howeer, any information needed to your knowledge on a topic can be found on the internet. And if you want to spent time with your family, you can even look your computer up to a tv and watch a free movie with the family! The computer age is here and it is exactly. What society needs. Picture this: you're doing a school project on the you know nothing about it. Would you rather drive minutes going and thirty minutes looking withb everything you need, or do you think it's more to spend five minutes looking for the website you need on the internet? Obviously, the later of the is much more reasonable. The computer makes getting research for school or work substantially easier. In addition,you can create entire presentations on a computers with surprising ease! Being an eighth grade student, I dont know I would ever do woithout the internet. I rely on my computer to get all of my research for almost every project, and I even make some of my best project on it! The computer is the likes of all the hard working students and adults much, much easier. People's lives have not only been made easier in the field of research; computer make communicating with friends and familyeasier as well! Through e-mail, video chat and instant messaging., we can communicate with whoever we would, whenever we wort. With some computers, you can even see and talk to any person you wish. Without these computers, we will one again have to resort to snail mail, whcih makes instant communication @CAPS3 telephones, we would have no other way to talk. Computers have enhanced communication chill likes so graetly that it's foolish to say their not beneficial to society. How can a machine with so many abilities be for see the computer as a brooden research for school and we want! Bottom line the computer age is here and its amazing. 6