To editor, @CAPS1's a beautiful day. The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and a lazy breeze is flowing through the trees. But you don't notice any of @CAPS1 because you're plopped down in front of your comuter tapping away on @CAPS2 or email. With modern technology. This is a common scenario. Experts are concerned that excessive computer use can harm your health, hamper your social skills, and cause you to be disconnected from nature. While computers are helpful in our lives too much of one thing is never a good thing. As mentioned, camputers have can a negative effect on your health. Computers cause people to be lazy. They would rather @CAPS2 and email than go outside and excersize in the cool, crisp, fresh air. In fact, statistics recently released by the @ORGANIZATION1 show that computers are the @NUM1 leading reason for obesity. And weight problems are not the only thing computer to worry about. Too much time in front of the computer will also take @CAPS1's toll on your eyes. Even local doctors have pointed @CAPS1. "@CAPS4 since computers have become a common household item, the number of i have eye has gone up about @NUM2 or @NUM3 more kids every year than the year says @ORGANIZATION3 of the @ORGANIZATION2. And if that isn't enough, typing too many this @CAPS5 and emails day after day can give you repetetive syndrome, also known as carpal tunnel. Carpal tunnel used to be more when typewriters were big, but dwindled down once computers with newer, easier to type on keyboards came around. But excessive daily use of computers is causing doctors to see more cases of carpal tunnel crop up. @CAPS1 is clear that if you want to stay healthy, computer usage should be limited. Secondly, too much time spent on the computer affect your ability to communicate with others. Computers are helpful when you need to talk to someone but people have gott on so used in @CAPS1 that they sometimes find @CAPS1 awkward to talk to someone face to face. Their eyes look everywhere except for the person, they shift their weight back and forth and struggle to find the right words to say things that should be easy. This awkwardness can also ruin previously close friendships. Friends will talk to each other endlessly through @CAPS2, but have no words for each other when they meet face to face. I remember @DATE1, i didn't see one of my friends at all; we just @CAPS8 each other daily. When we saw each other at school, we found @CAPS1 hard to carry a conversation and @CAPS1 took some getting used to talking face to face again. And this isn't the only way friendships are ut on the line by computers. Personal and meaningful conversations @MONTH1 sometimes be. You're on the phone with your friend and you're telling her about something important that you need advice on. A few seconds after you begin talking you're interrupted by a loud @CAPS7! followed by a "hold on, so and so just @CAPS8 me." @CAPS9, computers seriously social skills and personal relationships. Another reason to watch how much time you spend on the comuter is that @CAPS1 can cause you to. 4