Computers and the @CAPS1 were a technological break through. It exposed to the average world, things that were never thought possitive. But as these things advanced over the years, they've become an addiction so bad of an addiction its begun to threaten peoples lives I've been given a choice to s'de with the addicting computers, or to offose them. The only clear choice is to offose. First off, computers have caused the world a decrease in exercise. Studies show @NUM1 out of @NUM2 people who use a computer, do not exercise with less exercise throughout the world, nations are becoming more over weight. This is a huge problem in the united states computers are main cause to why the @CAPS2.S is over weight and unhealthy by cutting down computers use, we can get our world back into great shape we can bring exercise and health back. Nextly, I'm sure you've all heard of online predators. It's scary just to think about, well as computer technology increased online predators numbers went up. I remember a couple of years ago, I was watching the news and a story came a normal teenage girl, being killed by someone she meton myspace. things like this still go on, and the rate at which they happen are in creasing. by putting people on computers you're putting then at risk of death this is an extreme problem computers have caused. Thus is the last efferct computers have, out of many that I'm going to state time on the computer, is time taken away from family and friends.This can ruin relationship in and outside the family. Now I'm sure you now many people have become extremely addicted to online games. the more they play these games the more they pull away from everyone they knew and loved computers are a leading cause in disfunctional families. they steal the user away from the outside word. these people need to get their families and friends back. You have to act now, before its too late and computers have over taken the world. If you know anyone who has fallen prey to a computer addiction, do what you can to help get them back we need to cutt back on any kind of computer use fast. Hurry, it's now or never. 5