Dear, @CAPS1 @CAPS2 are many people who use computers this advanced technology we have. Lots of people life that we had computers they have lots of benefits that come with having computers. But not everyone agrees with this @CAPS2 are many people who don’t like that people use computers to much it takes away less time from enjoying nature, exerising, and interesting with family and friends. But I think on people with computer such as talking to people who you cant see, looking up information gives people something to do. One of the effects computers have on people is it allows you to talk to people you really dont see. I say this beacause not all your friends go to the same school so you dont see them as much. But they might have email, myspace, and facebook. Surf you cant online. It makes it easier to talk to them instad of driving so you can see them. I think that is @CAPS2 are activities you have to do or other activities, they need to do The second effect computers has on people it allows you to look up information. Think of it have you to do a project and you dont always have enough information on what it is to do it. But if your computer it gives lots of you can find information. I think that computer can help you in that way the endless sites of information and of better. Also the might be times go on a trip and know how much it cost and how long its going to take to set to you destination. Well if you look it upon the computer it will be all their for you to see also where else will you find this information you call to questions when consist go to the website. The third effect computers have on people are it gives you something to do. I say this because not all the time will you me to do something to do. Sometimes you will be bored something to do go on computer. The things you can do like play games. Also watch videos on youtube. For example you funny keeps you laughin add on the computer you watch videos. Another thing you can do is download music to your do you ever have line that think of not busy so do it now. See these @MONTH1 things you can go on the computer. To conclude I think that computers have lots of effects on people. These are about computer how people spend time on them. But I disagree is many good effects computers can have on people. I hope you agree with me. These are the three effects computers has on people allows you look up information, gives you something to do. 4