Dear local Newspaper, Some people say computers have negative affects on family and friend others say computers are an important aspect of society. I would have to agree with the second group of people. Computers help students research information that they @MONTH1 need for school. People can talk to there friends on things like facebook or @CAPS1 and you can write a rough draft on the computer save it then go back to it and make the final changes from a draft to a final. I will elaborate in the following three paragraphs. Computers are a quick and easy way to look up information for a school project or paper. I can understand people thinking that computers take away from family time but so would a book. A book would probably take up more time and you @MONTH1 get less information. For example the book could be about multiple people and you read the entire thing only to get two sentences of information. Another reason computer reasearch is quicker is that you can go from one page get some information and then once you have gotten all the information from that page but you still need more you can just click another link. If people didn't have computers they would have to go to the library and spend time looking them. Is it worth it to use all that time. People can talk to there friends on facebook or @CAPS1. Some people say computers distract you from friends when really they help you talk to your friends more. What if your on vacation and your so tired of seeing and talking to your family because you've been with them non stop for a week and you miss your friends. All you have to do id turn on the computer and then you have an intent link to them. Chat rooms also help you meet other people your age from the next town over on enywhere in the country. They @MONTH1 even became your new best friend. When you write a paper do you want to have to write it once then go back and write it @NUM1 more times? Theres a much simpler way it's called a computer. You can write your first draft then all you have to do inordre to get a final copy is reread it and make changes when they are nessecary. Computers also help kids spell better. All they have to do is hit a button. 5