How @MONTH1 times do you use the computer in one day? A lot right? I think that computers definatly benefit society. The internet helps a lot of people, because its very conveniant computer give people. The computers also lets people talk online with other people. Computers help people because of the internet. The internet makes alot of peoples live easier. One way is for school. I know from my own experiences that the internet helps. If I dont have enough material to study, on the internet help. Another reason that the internet is helpful is for jobs. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of people the age of @NUM1 have jobs on the internet? The internet can also help people find jobs. The last reason that the internet is helpful is shopping, I remember a time when i needed a special book for school and no book store and no bookstore, my mum ordered it of fine, the internet is very helpul to many people. My that computers are beneficial to our society is that they people the ability to faraways places. many people cannot offerd to go to a lot of places outside the united state., With computers, people can team about there places and at of these places. Sometimes there is even a snow the experience of being there. Another reason that are using and want to learn more. Once, any family got to a wedding in @LOCATION1, but we didn't know much @LOCATION1. @CAPS1 we went online to find things like. The foods eaten there and what the weather is like. lastly people can learn about where their family corner form. If people know the place that their ancestors came from, but they look it up crime computers. They confind recipes for food, what relign they practice, and what holidays they celebrate. Obuously computer help people about faraway places. My last reason that computers are beneficial to or society is that they allow people to talk with other people. Sometimes, good friends who wants to together loss touch or if one friend, people can find online and take. Did you know that their are many sites that tell you where people you went to highschool with are? Also, there are sites like facebook where people can connect. Another reason is that, people can meet other people online. their are many dating sites such as, that connect people losing that internet. Did you know that @PERCENT2 of people on dating, sites set ? Sometimes people cannot call each other because its too long distance. Being able to chat onlinee a sites like google, chat or all is very helpul. Without a dubt, computer are very helpful. I think that computer help @CAPS1 many, people in our society. People use the internet to help them. People learn about other places and people ccan chat online. -@CAPS1, dont think body about computers, because they have impaced our society greatly! 6