Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 you want our society to becaome one of obese, lazy with no appreciation for family or friends? @CAPS2 you want people to lock a respect for nature? This is the result of excessive of computer usage our society will become lazy, and dependent upon robot slaves and loose, brain washed. People will not be caring for family or friends. Most importantly, our society will have no appreciacion or respect for mother nature. Is this the way you wish our world to be? Have you ever read @CAPS3 @NUM1? In the book, the government uses technology to brainwash people and then manipulate them. If our society, like the one in the book, becomes over dependent on computers and technology, then we will collapse from the inside going from a respected world power, to a third world country in. We will need to redesign buildings to have doors big enough for our bodies to fit through. We will not be a respected nation anymore. There will be charities in other countries to send money to build gyms and pools, but nobody will use they. Recent research from @ORGANIZATION1 says that @PERCENT1 of people who spend more than an hour and a half on their computer every day are over @NUM2 pounds. People won't remember how to talk. Babies will learn to type instead of talking or walking. Is this good for our country? People say that the best thing you could ever have is a supportive family and a group of good friends. According to @PERSON1, a well known psychologist, "People who have more friends have a @PERCENT2 reduced risk of depression." Friends actually affect you health. People who use the computer too much lose friends and became separated from their families. The mental health effects from this can be horrible, and people sadly will miss out on all the positive parts of life. It's important that people are happy, but if you onlr communicate through e-mail and social networking sites, you aren't social enbough. It is one thing to chat online, but it is better to be able to see someone face to face than a picture on screen. Nobody wants to end up like this, so limit oyur computer usage. With too much computer usage comes a lack of respect for nature, People used to care nature for many reasons, but the biggest is that it affects us everyday, in everything we @CAPS2 and own. Everything has a base in nature, even ourselves. The weather outside even on a beautiful @DATE1 day, can be deadly if we don't pay attention to what is going on outside of our safe house. We depend on nature but if we don't respect her, she will kill us. Anything is good in moderation, even a computer. But when we don't limit ourselves, it has bad consequences. We will no longer have a respected society. Our family and friends will dissapear, causing health problems. Worst of all, we will lose all expectation and respect for mother nature. The time to start limiting computer usage is now, or we will have many great problems. 5