Dear newspaper, I know that computers can place a person in its spell, but in reality it's one of the most necesary things we need in our lifetime. Computers are used for many things like school work, planning that trip you always wanted to go to, and reading the latest news. Read the following to know just how important computers really are. You know now when you have that project due for science class about protoplasms. You want to do as you can so you have that at. When you realize that the one book you find on it wont help you with the score you want you realize that the nextplace to look is the computer. The computer gives you an unlimited amount of information that will help you in any report. When a teacher gives you a book to do a biography on, for example, "The life and times: @PERSON1" You want to go beyond what they give you and search, for instances, his neighborhood, his inspiration, and the influences he had. You will find all this in the computer. When you see a sale on a "five nights and four days" trip to @ORGANIZATION1, you want to know what better sale they have. When you start to notice that your family needs a vacation what is the only place to look. You can'@CAPS3 look for that trip of a lifetime in a book. Sure you can find out that @CAPS1 is having that big blowout sale, but you cant search up the best deal. I've done a research with seven of my friends and that six of those seven parents have deal on a trip to @ORGANIZATION1 on their accounts. If you're a great fan of road trips you'll find a deal or @CAPS2's for the lowest only find out by computer. If you live in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION4 and you want to have a trip to the @LOCATION1 this deal is really good. If you live in the @LOCATION2 and you know the hottest day in the @DATE1 is coming you will be ready to get those beach balls and that blanket ready, but if you think computers are a waste of time then you wont know that all the beaches open and will be sending free drinks all day. You will be at home eating a @CAPS3.V. watching old reruns of The @CAPS4 @CAPS5. Not only will it tell you news in your erea, but will tell you about that devastating earthquake in @LOCATION5. You'll also be informed about what people are doing to help them and what you can do to help. So not only is the computer good for going on @CAPS6 and @CAPS7, you can help get your grade to an A+ on that history report. It also works well for giving your children a memory they will always remember. They also help you to get ready and not be stock in your house on that nice day in @DATE1. Maybe if you find that great deal or help your kid get a better grade then you will realize how good the computer is. 5