Computers and modern technology are advancing quickly, and more and more people are beginning to use them. Some people say that computers are a bad influence on @LOCATION1. I think other wise. I think computers are an amazing breakthrough in modern science. I believe computers are ideal for school work and comunicating with others, as long as they are used in moderation. Computers make school projects so simple I don't know if we could do without. Our social studies teacher @PERSON1 says that @PERCENT1 of his projects involve something on the computer. The internet is a great place to research for big papers and projects. With over thirty-million educational and informational websites, its easy to locate what you need quickly and easily. Once you have finished researching it is easy to type your report. If it isn't a written report, then there are many other programs for fancy presentations. Take microsoft @CAPS1 for example: you can make exotic background and texts, as well as unique animations to emphasize or to make it pop right off the page. Computers are also an ideal way to communicate with friends and family. Emailing is quick and easy to tell others what you want to say. If you want to chat, then you can use @CAPS2 or instant messaging. This allows you to type and sent emails faster. Both of these programs are an inivative way to talk with a family member that isn't home. Like lets say my dad goes on business to @LOCATION2. We can email back and forth every day. And now with @ORGANIZATION1 (a video chat) you can see the person and actually talk to them like they're back at home. Computers have their advantages but they also have disadvantages. Computers are great for communicating and school work, but when used in excess can be unhealthy. Here is one example: my older brother @PERSON2 is a senior in high school. He is in school from @NUM1 to @NUM2:pm and as he gets home he heads straight for his computer. He is on there for at least five hours a night and that leaves time for dinner and not much of anything else including sleep. I think that computers are a great invation in modern technology as long as people limit themselves. Computers are coming out with new features everyday and who know theyll be like... 4