I completely agree with those people who think computers have a negative effect on us today. Even though computers are great they do have many negative effects on people who use them. Since. new technology, and post pictures on websites where everyone can see. Also they have games for computers that people get hooked on. Lastly, there are predator online. The new technology is amazing, like webcams where you can video chat or cellphones where you could take pictures, @CAPS1 they do have negative effects. There have been many suicides over cyber bullying. This is where people bully kids over the internet. Also some people send naked pictures online or even while webcamming. this is illegal and absurd that young or even older people would be doing these actions. Also there are websites where people can post these pictures of you that are very personal and make a huge difference in you life. There are many people who have games for their computer or download games off of websites. Most people actually get addicted to the game, They would play it all day if they could and if they arent playing they are wishing they could. This makes them miss out on alot of things. They might not get enough excersise or not do any homework which will make you grades drop. They could also not be spending time with family. It also might change who you are as a person. The most important thing about the use of computers is your safety. There are predator all over the internet and can pretend they are someone from school and ask where you live. You should never tell anyone where you live or your full name online. They can and most likely will come to your house for you. It could most likely cost you or even family members your lives. Computers can be fun and you can learn an abundant amount of information but as long as you smart about using it. Remember not to tell anyone where you live or dont take pictures and send them that are personal. They could be all over the internet the next day. Lastly, worry about your family, grades, and health than some useless game. Be smart and safe! 4