Dear Newspaper, I think people need computers. It helps them see the world if they can't. It can be used to send important messages to people that are farther away from you. Also if someone has a parent or loved one far away they can see each other through the computer. So here is examples of these three things. Some people can't physically or mentally and can't afford to travel. Its sad how some people are so sick with a disease or illness that they can't go places. But if they go on the internet they can look up pictures and information of places they've never been to which can help them see the world better. But there are people who can help them see the world better. But there are people who have fears which prevent them from travelling to different places. So thet could go to the internet and find ways to help them get over their fears. Which in turn will allow them to get over their fears and let them travel to places. Then there are people who can't afford it. So the internet can help find a good job that pays good money which they can use to afford to travel the world and see it for what it is. What if you need to send a really important message to someone to prevent them doing something or help them live or even stop a war. So take into reconsideration if there is a war going on for a miss understanding. So if the government figures out what happened and they know how to straightin out the situation then they could send a message to the attackers. What happened and that it wasn't what they thought we did then they would stop fighting and the war would be over. What if a bomb is in the white house you would want to get out of the building or find it and disarm it. So then a guy finds out about it and send a message to the white house and that would save all the people in the white houses lives. Sometimes loved ones go away to some where far away and you can't talk or see them. Someones in the military and he/she has a kid so the computer allows them to see and talk to them through a webcam which would keep the child and parent together and not seperate them. Also you see a friend in facebook who you haven't seen in years so you friend him and you guys get back in touch with each other and you can be friends with them again. So in conclusion the computer can do many helpful things. It can fix relationships, save lives, help you get over fears and see the world. Which isn't bad sure we sometimes go over board with it but it is very useful. It isn't horrible but it is sometimes bad but also sometimes good but. 5