Dear local newspaper, @CAPS1, my name is @PERSON1. I've just been informed about how people view computers and the effects of them. In my opinion, I find computers to be a very negative influence on yound kids, teens, and adults. Many harmful awarenesses come along with having one. For one thing, people being so hypnotized in this electronical device are finding lesser time to excercise and take care of themselves. Also to, the only nature they're experiencing is pictures online and not enjoying the full beuty of what we have left of out earth. Another negative outcome is that they start becoming more and more distant from their loved ones. What happened to our society? Why can't we think on our own anymore? I truely, strongly hope that what i'm saying will change the minds of some people. Thank you very much. Exercise is a very key aspect in anyone's life. Especially growing kids and teens. On the computer what exercise benefits are you getting? Stronger fingers? A higher chance of syndrome @CAPS10. "@CAPS2 @PERCENT1 of kids having @CAPS7 problems like obesity have access to the internet", accoding to @PERSON2 of the, "@CAPS3 feel right with @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @CAPS6" in hunington beach, @LOCATION1. When basically, your giveing youself to the computers, you @MONTH1 not have any thoughts at all of staying fir. Instead on some chips while typing. @CAPS4 @CAPS7 BENEFITS @CAPS8 that game help? With global warming by ourside, what you saw yesterday @MONTH1 not be there today. Breathing in some fresh, natural air can really calm a stressed child out. What ever happened to playing an endless scoth with side walk chalk and fresh? or tag or just running around? Is it not cool anymore? Yah, not cool to take care of yourself. Inspire yourself by writing poems about how you feel or draw a screnary. Now a days, instead of @CAPS10 climing a tree, were climbing our mouse arrow to the next website. There's so much that we all take for granted, that one day when you look back on ti all, youre going to really miss those @DATE1 days. Family time is so critical in anyone's life. Without a family, you're nothing. When did game night or family time disapear? Just because we're in a society that says computers are completely normal everyday thing in a house, doesn't mean you family and friends aren't a main priority to you anymore. If you want to hangout a friend's house, dont email about it, walk @CAPS2 there and get the full affect since when does a computer a family? Never. If we got out of a fake reality, @CAPS10 there wouldn't be negativity in our life. @CAPS10 you can regain a true life back with them. @CAPS10 you'd think more clearer just @CAPS10. Whats makes a computer any better than life? Nothing ask yourself that. So inconclusive, I strongly believe that with this in you lives we've actually get dumber. There's more negative than positives in having a computer. Sure you could quickly send them a message or like @CAPS9, but is it ever bad to do the good old fashion calling? Or sendin letter? I say again, thank you for taking out your time to read this. @CAPS10 i changed you, @CAPS10 not. Whatever you do, think about the next time you're online and see what happends.  5