Dear local newspaper, I do agree that computers have impacted human society greatly. Therefore, my opinion is that is @MONTH1 be one of the greatest inventions. I would say this because there are different help programs or websites that @MONTH1 help people in everyday life. Especially students have the ability to study from education webpages. Also, people are able to communicate online. Lastly, you are able to type stories instead of hand-writing them. Having the advantage to study online is great. Different websites with tons of information and true facts @MONTH1 really affect grades of most students. Did you know about @PERCENT1 of the @LOCATION1 go on educational websites for information for writing, whether it's an essay or non-fiction story? Thanks to computers, there is a great chance students @MONTH1 receive a passing grade. Communication online has made huge impact worldwide. Whether you use facebook, @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION1 etc., communicating with family or friends is fantastic. For example, I use facebook and I love talking to my family down in @LOCATION2, whom I see about once every couple years. Online communication has affected people because there is an easier way to talk to other instantly. Just a push of a button, and you have immediate communication with someone. Finally, people have the ability to type on a program if they wanted to type a letter or story. For instance, if you use microsoft word, you can type up whatever you want. This has effected people because it is a faster ans easier way to write. Therefore, if you finish earlier than you would have if you typed it, you would have extra leisure time, or more time to get the rest of your work done. Also, it is easy for me because I type like the wind; after practice, of course. In conclusion, the invention of computers helped and still do help society in many ways. But, the three ways that i have chosen to tell you about in this letter, I feel, have impacted us the most. I hope this helps you with you questions about how computers effected people. Thank you for taking time to read my letter. Have a good day. 5