Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, I'm writing you today so you can see why advanced technology is a positive effect on people. My reasons for wrint this is because computers allow people to talk online to others people learn about faraway places, and finally it teacher hand-eye coordination. As you read my letter I hope you fell the same way. First of all computers allow you to talk to other people online. The reason I feel this way is what if you can't fond your fone in your hose or even your cell phone, you could see if they were online. Also its the same thing as texting, but with a bigger keyboard/screen I can relate to this because I was texting someone and went online to find whtm on too, so we sent aims to each other instead. I hope you can see why computers can be good for people. Secondly not a lot of people will go to the library to look up information for a paper for a school. The reason I feel this way is a computer has google to make finding things easier. Another reason is going to the library @MONTH1 cause you send more money to fill up your gas tanks. I can relate this because everytim my family goes to the library we have to fill the car up after we go. This is another reasons why computers a good. Finally the computers can teach hand-eye coordination. The reason for this is because if your writing an email then you should know the keys that your fingers touch. Another reasons why computers are hand-eye coordination is because if your kid take karayta then might have learned to move there hands that fast from somewhere. I can relate ti this because when I was in the first grade there was a guy that you told me and my friends that be need us to get in the truck to help him find his lost puppy, and he tried grabbing me but I pulled my hard away before I became pinned. I hope you can see why we need computers. I would like to that the I for sitting and reading my essay. Once again my reasons for writing where people can talk to other people online, learn about faraway places, and finally hand-eye coordination. I hpoe you will rethink why we should have computers in school. 4