Dear @LOCATION1, I think the way how more and more people use computers are bad because, @NUM1 int's not good for people's health, @NUM2 people who use computers lots of times, refuse to spend time with family and friends and @NUM3 you can find more about something that's on a computer by going and studying it yourself. My first reason why computers have bad effects on people who use computers, is the health issue. Health in very important but sitting in front of a computer for hours makes matters worst. By the way you hunch your back in order to see something small on the computer creen, or when you hold on the mouse, waiting to click onm something for long period of time, can cause arthrities. My second reason why computers have bad effects on people who use them. Are that people who are on computers & end to sometimes refuse to spend time with family or friends like for example: @CAPS1 say a week ago you made a promise to have a family get together with the family, and they all count on you to come, @CAPS2 you get a computers, you go on all these neat websites that you never heard off it's amazing right! WRONG! before you know if, it's the day for the family get together and your line an hour @CAPS4 you amke excuse not to come. And that breaks you family's heat....My last reason why, to me computers are a bad idea is you can learn about another the computer by going on to a But its ore fun traveling or meeting people from that place @CAPS2 setting in a for and having your neck, back and sore @CAPS3 I right, I think I @CAPS3. Also idsfun to and ear foods from the culture that you fing cool off that lame computers.(To me that sounds like a good time to invite family and friends!) @CAPS4 therefore in conclusion, in my personal opinion computers have bad effects of people health, it can cause later bacj and neck problems maybe even activities. People who use computers a lot or love to spend time on computers refuse to spend time with family and friends, and @NUM3 You can find more about something like a culture or land, if you go and study its yourself instead of going on a computers for hours. I hope my opinion convinces others, hoe computers have bad effects on people who use it a lott, and take action into their own hands and do what is right. 4