Computers, @CAPS1 how far we've come. Computers hold many opertunities for the world and… we don't use any of them. Computers have taken many and left them without excersize. Computers fasinate many and can become very adicting if not used only in moderation. Computers are also attention hogs and take away interaction with family. Imagine seven years of your life sitting in front of a computer. You never get up unless you absolutely need to. You even decide to cut the sports from your life. Now imagine what that does to your body. Even if you ate right, the never excersising part woudl kill you. I remember I was at my cousin @PERSON2's house when she sugested to play the game @CAPS2 fit. If you have never played this before, when you sign in, it does some tests and determines the age of your body. My body was @NUM1 years old. I was a @NUM2 years old in a @NUM1 year old body. All those years gone in front of the computer. I don't want that experience to happen to anouther. Don't make the same mistake as me readers of the @LOCATION1 current. I have a friend name @PERSON1, and she is a computer addict. She would spend days on end on the computer. Sometimes she'd miss school for the computer or come to school just to play on the computer. She'd sometimes get violent when someone tried to pull her away. I hated seeing my friend like this, but mostly I hated how I watched it happen. It started off innocent enough. She enjoyed a certain website on the internet. It would sometimes get scary when she talked to me about it and clearly had played it all night. If you are looking at this story and thinking that would never happen to me, your wrong. I was thinking the same way when I took a look at that website that got her started. Thankfully, I stoped my addiction before it got to serious, but many others like @PERSON1 could and will be absorbed by the computers. Many readers reading this right now, should understand how dangerous and read this is, "@CAPS3!.... @CAPS3!... I'm talking to you!" That is the sound of your family members trying to talk to you when your on the computer. It doesn't work, computers are so attention grabbing, you can't even stand to talk to your own family. My mom does this many times a day to grab my attention and ends up calling my cell phone or I.ming me. Thats really just sad. By doing this you also become detatched which is never a good thing. The more and more you ignore your family for the computer the less of a bond you'll have, the less of a life you'll have. Computers truly are amazing, but the loss of excersise is very unhealthy and rapidly happening. Computers can also be dangerous, many people will get addicted. The more you chat on chat room to strangers, the less you will talk to your family. Computers are the devils tools. They will most certainly destroy you, readers. Alway be careful, computers are not as they seem. 6