I personally think that people should not spend so much time on the computer. One reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is because people spend to much time on them and not enough time exercising. Another reason why is because people aren't enjoying nature. Finally, my last reason is because people are spending less time interacting with family ans friends. My first reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is bacause they are spenfing more time on them then exercising. People will end up getting fat if all they do is sit around on their computer. People should be running or going to the gym instead of going on the computer. Even if you have your own equipment at your house to exercis on it's still better then going on the computer and not getting any exercise at all. If people spent as much time exercising then they spend on the computer, then the average weight of a human will go way down. Another reason people should't spend so much time on the computer is because people are spending less time enjoying nature. People should be outside getting fresh air instead of being inside on the computer all day. I personally would way rather be outside playing baseball and getting fit then being inside on the computer getting fat. Even if you look at nature via comuter, it still wan't be the same because you actually aren't outside experiencing it yourself. If people waould spend as much time enjoying nature as they are on the computer. We would be living in a much more healthy and clean word. My last reason why I think people spend so much time on the computer is because they are spending less time interacting with family and friends. People could be in a dark room all day, isolated from everyone they came about just because they are on the computer. That to me just isn't right because they covered he spending quality time with their friends and family, instead they are spending time with their computer. If a person spends all their time on the computer then everyone they care about will gradually be slipping away even if they don't know it. So as you can see, it would be much better if people spend more time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends then spending more time on the computer. even if you don't spend alot of your time on the computer yet, you will gradually spend more and more time on it everyday until eventually it's all you do. 5