Dear Newspaper, In our town, more people are on the computer each day. Some people state that you can do a lot on the computer and talk to people. But, I believe that our town should not support advances in technology. You will have more time to exercise, talk to family and friends in person and to take part in different activities around the town. Do you want to be overweight and not be in shape? Well, if you sit at the computer all day every day, you will become like that. "I think exercise shoud be a part of everybody's day," @CAPS1 teacher @PERSON1 from @LOCATION1 stated. You would be so attatched to your computer, that you wouldn't work out. In the state of @LOCATION1, it is proven that @PERCENT1 of residents are overweight from not exercising and @PERCENT2 are overweight by not eating properly. This shows more people in @LOCATION1 don't exercise than not eating properly. @CAPS4 wants to be overweight and you can change that! More people each year make facebook and @CAPS2 @CAPS3. Some kids in school are on the internet all day talking to friends who live down the street. Students refuse to talk to their friend on the phone. Instead, they do it online. "@CAPS4 can understand their tone of the message sent," @PERSON3 stated. You could interpret it in different ways. When you are on the phone, it is a quick and easy way to communicate not waiting for somebody to type back. If you are a person who is always on the computer, plan a get together with your friend to talk in real life. Sidewalk sales, clubs, sports teams, holiday stroll, these are events that every town offers! Instead of sitting dreaming of being on the team, go out and do it! Each town cares about its residents and want them to have fun. That is why towns offer these activities. "@CAPS5 want to make the town interasting and everybody to know each other," says @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @PERSON2. If you participate in these activities, you will meet other kids your age around the town. If your town offers all of these activities, they are helping you out. Being out helping the town is way better than sitting in your house on the computer! In many ways both advancing technology or not, why be inside doing nothing but talking to people? Go and talk to them in real life. Being in shape, talking to people in real life and activities your town offers is the way to go. Thank you for your concern. 4