Dear Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 people are now using computers. However, everyone is entitled to their own opinion about them. Some people don't like them, and then there's people like me who do like them. Computers can let you communicate faster, you can play all sorts of games for @CAPS3, and it provides information. Nine out of ten people love what computers can do for them. Unlike sending and writing letters to people, instant messaging is a much faster and easier way to talk to another person. Sending and receiving letters can take days or weeks, on the other hand, instant messaging takes only a few seconds! Even better, it's @CAPS3! Instant messaging is not the only way you can communicate with friends or family, there is also video chat. Video chat is just like talking on the phone but you can also see the person you're talking to. You can be talking on video chat with someone from another country, and guess what? It's also @CAPS3! When you make long distant calls, it can be very costly, but video chat won't cost a penny out of your pockets! Not only is a computer good for communication, but you can also play fun and entertaining games! Everyone enjoys playing games, whether you're one or eighty-two. There are @CAPS2 websites on the internet and among them there are game sites. Most game sites have virtual games that you can play online for @CAPS3! There's one player, two player, and party . This means you could play alone, with a friend, or the whole family. Everyone on in and have a time. Also, computers could be for fun and your used for work. The @CAPS2 information. It's like your own personal library at home at a touch of a finger! Either you're doing research on a project, , or just want to be informed, the internet can help you with any subject. All you have to do is search the topic you need whether it's cooking a certain dish, learning about space, trying to spell a word, or anything you can think of, and it'll all be there for you, and once again, for @CAPS3! In conclusion, computers are useful for @CAPS2 things and these are just a few examples. I hope you think of computers the way I, and millions of other people, do. As you can see, computers impoved the lives of @CAPS2 human beings. 4