Dear Local Newspaper, Spending too much time on the computer is never a good thing. Whether you are doing work or things for pleasure. I strongly believe this because being on the computer too long will mean that you are spending less time excersising, interacting with real family and friends rather than on the internet, and being on computer too long can ruin your vision. Nowadays with all the great advances in technology, peoples are always glued to computer screens. Lets face it, once you go on the computer, it can get pretty addicting with all of the fabulous things you can do and when we get addicted, we don't feel like doing other things like excersising. Studies show that @PERCENT1 of the kids who use his or her computer for more than @NUM1 hours a day is obese. The cause of this problem is obvious and it is kids being addicted to computers. Since they are so addicted to computers, the do not want to go to the gym or anything. Another example is that in school kids have a choice of what electives the want to take. Many kids would rather choose the computer programming class rather than physical education. This also cuts down on their excersise time. Computers are wonderful things, but when it starts affecting your health and physical fitness, they are enemies. Interacting with others on the computer can be looked at as a positive but it is not since it affects the way you interact in real life. For instance, some people develop a habit from only interacting through the computer that makes them anti-social in real life. Furthermore, some kids can be the most pleasant people to interact with through the computer but then when you used them in real life, they are the quietest people in the world. This happens because they are more comfortable interacting through the computer. Also, they have lost their abilities to interact in real life. Interacting through the computer is great if you have family and friends in other countries but you shouldn't do it so much that you become uncomfortable to interact in real life. Your eyes are one of the most important parts of your body besides the vital parts. Most people do not know this but being on the computer too long puts strain on your eyes which is bad. This strain only lead to unpleasant things. For example, if you we addicted to computers, then there is a large chance you will get glasses someday in your life. A recent poll was taken and over @PERCENT2 of people who use their computers for more than @NUM2 hours a day have gotten glasses. Another example is that overtime the strain build up and up to the where even with glasses you can hardly see. Imagine a world where your vision is so bad that it is like your eyes are almost closed, that's what happens to people who use their computers too long. Local newspaper, you @MONTH1 think that computers are one of the greatest inventions ever, the you are right, however you shouldn't use it too much. 6