Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2 I feel that computers do take away from peoples life and aren’t as important than the other factors of life. First of all you know that the world is becoming obease because of lack of exercise. Also people don't realize that @CAPS3 warming is becomeing a big problum. Finally familys arn't as close as they used to be. these are all the reasons why computers arn't important to human socioty. First of the world is becomeing obease and cumputers play a huge part in this. Computers don't make people exercise they basicly just sit down on there couch and use the computer this won't help amarica get back into shape. Also computers become a habbit if a person uses a computer everyday of there life it will become an addiction then they won't be able to stop. Finally when people use the computer they don't realize the lack exersise there getting. This is the first reason why computeres are a bad thing. Next @CAPS3 warming is mealting the polar ice caps. Computers play a part in @CAPS3 warming because they use electricty and thjen the electrisity melts the polar ice caps. If this keeps happining then they will all melt and we will not have a shorline and half of the world will be fluded. Finally computers play a huge part in @CAPS3 warming because of the fact that they are so popular. This is another reason why computers are bad. Finally the last reason why computers are bad is because they take away from your family life. For instance there are more and more familys splitting up now and sientest sat that @PERCENT1 of the time it's because of technolagy. When on peroson is on the computer the other people feel that they love the computer more than they love themselfs. Then they split up for good. This is the last reason why I feel computers are bad. In conclution you can see that computeres are a bad thing. First of all you can see that amarica is becomeing obease because of the computers. Also computers are causeing @CAPS3 warming and are eventually goung to flood the earth. And last but not least computers take away from peoples family life and cause them to split up and become unhappy. These are all the reasons why computers are bad. 4
