Dear @CAPS1 of the @CAPS2 @CAPS3 daily, I am writing you to address the issue of computers in our society today. Each day new discoverys are made from the people that use computers in our society, however many people say that computers are harmful to are communtiy. Today I am going to convince you and society that computers are not as much as on issue as some people say they are. To begin with discoverys in our nation have been advancing rapidly. Each day new discoverys are benefiting our society however they are only being made possible by the help of computers. Without computers some for dieseases would have never been discovered and more people. Would have died. Secondly, computers have also increased medical care and have been the cave between life or death. Finnaly, computers help speed up production rates of cars household neccessitys, and many more objects. Have you ever been bored at home and looking for something to do on that dark, rainy, chilly night? Yes, exactly what I thought well the new technology advances in social-networking can even help the most bored and lonelyest people and give them something to do. Even if your just looking to talk to someone you can easily do that on the internet. So you people out there looking for that special someone will always be able to look somewhere. With all the social networks like twitter, myspace, facebook, and youtube you will always have something to do. During this economic recestion it seems that finding a job is so hard, however the internet comes to the rescue yet again. The internet can help you find a job twice if not three times as fast. Many people also speed up their word by using the computer. With microsoft things are lot easier to do work that you need to make up I hope that everyone can understand how much the computer help you, rather then hurt you. @CAPS1 of the newspaper, I hope you and the rest of the community can see that computer help you more that they hurt you. Thank you very much for your time and effort that you put in to listen to me. 4
