Dear Local Newspaper, name is @PERSON1 and I am a @ORGANIZATION1 citizen. I believe that computers do NOT benefit society of all! In opinion, they make our town worse. People spend way too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends. All of these things are computers are doing to our society and it's time to make a stop to it! First of all, people are on the computer way too much. Teens are on social networking sites, adults are on chatrooms, and kids are playing computer games. Instead of that, people should be playing outside, or going for a walk in the park. Did you know that @PERCENT1 of adults are overweight? If people cut back the amount of time indoors, we could probably bring that number way down. Also, who knows teens are doing on the computer. Computers have good things but they can also be bad. For example, chatrooms who knows kind of people are in chatrooms. Children need to be careful about they say or show on the internet. Instead of playing games or talking to their boyfriends and girlfriends, teens should go outside and exercise. Second, more citizens need to enjoy nature and the beautiful senery around them. Were all so busy running to check our e-mail, we don't notice a beautiful day it is outside. On a nice @DATE1 or @DATE2 day, people should take this kids to a local park or pond. This reminds me of last @DATE2 when I went to cousins house. aunt only allowed us to watch one hour as a day, that included the computer. We were outside every single day, even if we were just staring into the clouds. This kept us active and enjoy the environment. last reason why computers are badly affecting society is that computers take time away from interacting with family and friends. I know your thinking, when your on the computer you are talking to family and friends, but it isn't the same. Instead of instant messaging call them. Maybe even invite them our to talk face to face. That reminds me of sister. When I get home, she will normally be on. Now, instead of getting up and coming to talk to me she will text me 's up?" or  was your day?" Computers help people communicate, but they also take communication away. As you can see, I have given you three reasons why I strongly believe computers are badly @ORGANIZATION1. Not only @ORGANIZATION1 but everywhere! You need to open your eyes and understand that people spend way too much time on computers, they allow people to not enjoy nature, or interact with their families. Please I'm asking you to understand that our society will crash it we don't fix this issue. So are you going to do about it? 5
