Dear, I think computers have a positive effect on people. Where would we be without them? Computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about any subject they want, and allow people to communicate with each other, no matter how far away. Obviously, computers are beneficial. I think computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, as I said earlier. I know people say that where you are on be computer, you spend less time exercising, but the computers help you with you throwing skills. Hand ey coordination also applies for if you want to be a surgeon/doctor. You need to have steady hands. What we ready to do whatever is needed. See, they do have a positive effect. I think computers have a positive effect on people. They give people the ability to learn about anything they want on the internet. Say you want to be an engineer when you grow up, you might want to learn anything and everything you can to be successful later on in that carer. What about a doctor, you would want to know how many years of college and med school are required to get your medical degree. A computer helps you learn about those things. It can also teach you about tons of other things. Again, how could they not be positive. I think computers have a positive effect on people. Another thing they can do out of a hundred others is let you communicate with other people no matter how far away. Mail can so my where with enough, yes, but -mail is free and gets there in less than a minutes where mail can lake weeks to go far. For example, what if you came from another country. You wouldn't want to lose touch with people you grew-up with. With a computer, you could use skype to see now new the person. Talking on the phone or mailing doesn't even compare to that. You could never lose touch! Computers help people do all kinds of things. I conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people. They teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about any subject they want, and allow people to communicate with each other, no matter how far away. There are no bad reason that could top any of these. They make sense. So, what do you think? Do you think they are good for us, or do we need less computers? 4
