Dear Newspaper, People are spending way too much time on the computer and it is not right. They should be excercising, and interacting with friends and family. Having a computer also distracts them from schoolwork. Computers normally have effects like this on the people that use them. Instead of sitting at the computer all @DATE1 people should be out getting exercise. The @LOCATION1 is one of the coubtries with the most overweight people. Many teenagers are inside all @DATE1 at the computer waiting for their friends screename to pop up so they can talk to them. They don't need to be completely gone, but while they're waiting for their friend they could be exercising. All they need to do is put on some fun music and start dancing around, that will get them the excercise they need for the @DATE1. They also could do ten pushups and twenty curlups, or even more if they wanted to. Instead of sitting at the computer all @DATE1 exercise. Having a computer effects the owner because they don't have a lot of face-to-face converstions with friends and family. You can call your friend up and have them come over your house instead. If they can be at home on the computer for hours then they probably can hang out in real life. Instead of videochatting with your cousins in another state, lan for them to come visit you guys one @DATE1. That way you can actually talk to them and see what they're doing to. You could also play board games, hide and seek, etc. It is much more fun to be with someone in real life, then to talk with them online. The last but deffidently not least effect that computers have on peoples lives is it distracts them from school. Once you start talking with one of your friends, it's pretty hard to stop. Many people don't know how to stop so they don't do the homework they were supposed to do, or they didn't study for the big test the @DATE1, therefore they end up failing it. Some kids will do homework and a on the computer at the same time, the homework is probably wrong because they weren't concentrating on it hard enough. Having a computer effects your life in many different ways, some positive and some negative. Some ways are it "stops" you from exercising, it doesn't let you have face-to-face interaction with friends and family and it distracts many kids from school. 5