Wouldnt it be great to use computers in everyday life? In this country we can. You can use it to talk to people you never thought you would see again. Looking at places far away is always an option. You can even simply use it to help with homework essays. Locating and researching, even going to different countries, even different continents is possible to do on the computer. You can buy plan tickets. reserve rooms, even reserve tables at resturants in different countries by just a few clicks. Another thing is, you can research countries, towns, and cities with google instead of having to go out and get books. Reading about and talking to people from different countries is always an option. Being able to talk. and read about people and go to countries just by a clicking a button is pretty amazing. Computers also allow us to talk and communicate to people when there is no other way. The computers give people the ability to talk and see people they they the would never communicate with anymore. An example of this is my father hadn't see his father since he was two, but he started communicating with him and we were able to see him and chat with him through web chat. So these web chatting websites; ooVoo, facebook, myspce, skype, etc, is allowing people to reconnect. This advantage is allowing friendships and relationships to continue, is that really bad? Computers can help people with their homework and essays. For instint, they can type and print their essays instead of having to write it on paper. This helps because first it makes their, it also can be changed quicker and easier. They also can get information about what they are studying quickly and more efficiently. Instead of searching for a word in a big dictionary they can use an online dictionary and just have to type in the word. Online dictionary also have prounociation help and different langages. This helps so much so they can get their work done and exercise, enjoy nature, or interact with family and friends. I hope you will take my opinion seriously and think about it is using computers for daily needs really that bad? 5