Computers have helped people tramendisly over the past years. Thanks to computers scientist have found cures for desesse, jobs have become easier . I believe that computers have a baseline effect on people. Because they educate people with their jobs, and give people a chance to talk to people having to pay for anything. If someone to a country that they have they might go on the computer to learn more about that country and their culture. Another thing they might do @CAPS1 go to a website that could help them find affordable . If a child @CAPS1 doing a report about a country in @LOCATION1 thay can go on the computer to find out facts on that country. Computers educate people about about places all over the world, you can go on a website that has videos and written sheet clips about what has been goin on around the world and learn about current events. My grandmother would tell me stories about @CAPS3 @CAPS4 before they had computers, now my dad works on @CAPS3 @CAPS4 and he tells me stories about his day. when you compair the two different decades it saids like computers help out a lot within @CAPS3 @CAPS4. Before computers stores would have to do math in their pad when they were giving change back to people, now people save by punching in the numbers in the computer. I think the computers have helped people with their jobs. When you talk on the phone to someone it costs you money. When you just want to see someone I'l costs you money to get on a phone . with computers you can , or onstant message people with any costs. If you want to see a friend for her @CAPS9 but dont have the money to fly halfway around the world to see her you can vidieo chat with her. Computers help people save money by talking on the computers with friends, family and even co-workers. Computers have been very helpful ever since they were invented. They help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about. They also make jobs and work easier and also help people save a lot of money by talking to people on the computers insted of on the phone. Computers have improved demastrecly over the years, the screens use to be so small and you would have to press all these buttons just to open it up and now computers can be as big as a flat @CAPS10 and can turn them on with just a push on a button,, Who knows what computers will be like @NUM1 years from now? 5