Hello, I decided to write in to the paper on the topic of computers, and how they benefit society. Comuters are powerful machines, and can be used completing otherwise menial and boring tasks. They benefit people in many ways, like they are very useful in buissness, helpful in education, and connect friends and family together. Computers are uselful in buissness and are an extremely important tool in a common workplace today, and make work get done much more efficiently than if they didn't have computers. One reason Computers are so useful in the workplace is because computers can storee far more data that can be put on paper. Also, they can do jobs and processes very quickly, which is important in the workplace. They can also be used for sending important information quickly and without much trouble. These are all valid reasons comuters are beneficial in buissness, and help things get done. Computers are important today's schools and educational programs becasue they can help students work in a more efficient fashion. "@PERCENT1 of all surveyed students said they would rather type a paper for school than write on by hand, and shows that they value them in their education." said @PERSON2, a professor at @ORGANIZATION1. This shows that Computers are important to students, and are used their benefit. In addition to students writing papers, computers are being used by teachers and school systems for grading, attendance records, and more. The teachers at my school are using @CAPS1 @CAPS2, pieces of hardware that are directly connected to computers, and can be used instead of white @CAPS2, and I see that students are getting more involved in class, and focused, because this computer technology is being used. All of these @CAPS3 are reasons computers are helpful in educational proceeses, and should continue to be used. Many people want to be able talk to there friends and family when they are bored, and because of computers and social networking websites, and instant messaging programs, this is made much easier. "@PERCENT2 of teens have at least one sacial networking site they visit on a regular basis." said @PERSON1, a phycologist, who speciaizes in teens, This shows that people use these sites, and that they like them. Families that are separated because one @MONTH1 have moved out of the house recently might want to communicate with one another, and because of computers, they can. There are multiple ways that they could use their computers to keep in touch, like instant messaging systems mentioned before. Being able to communicate with one another makes theses people happy, and benefits society. Overall, being able to communicate through computers is an enjoyable thing for many people, and is important to society today. To conclude, computers contribute to society in ways that make it much better for everyone. Whether it's through helping buissnesses being more efficient, giving students the ability to work faster, and in a way they prefer, or if it's helping people stay in touch, computers are always benefiting society. These machines hardly ever slow people more thant manually doing the work would, and the positive influence they have far outweighs the bad they do. 5