Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion for using "too much" computer time is an outrage. I think people should have more ideas. Such as as exercise, socialize with family and friends, and lastly, "you time" which means to do whatever you would like to do indoors BUT @CAPS2 computers. For excersice you can do any sport that you like outside. For @CAPS3 and spending time with family and friends you can have a nice family reunion at their house @CAPS5 just "hangout with your friends. Four "you time you can draw, @CAPS5 read a book. Their is a lot of ideas instead of "computer time @CAPS6 the time!" With exercising can go outside and play sport such as basketball, soccer @CAPS5 baseball, etc. You could even play hide and seek with your friends @CAPS5 even tag. Anything that keeps you moving out of the house ins tead of using computers! If you exercise everyday such as "workout" to get fit you will definatelly manage that instead of using "computer time". Exercising is a good idea ins tead of using "computer time!" @CAPS3 with family and friends is a good use instead of "computer time because you can finally have the time to spend time with then like talk to them, play games @CAPS5 eat dinner together. That's called "@CAPS3" Your family @CAPS5 friends will love to spend time together by eating dinner together and have a nice conversation. You could also play any board games such as "monopoly" too. With your friends you ran go to the movies, have a sleepover @CAPS5 play outside. Many good little ideas to do with family and friends instead of using "computer time." The last idea for ins tead of using "computer time" lis doing "you time indoors. WARNING! But @CAPS2 computer time! You could do something quite like draw a nice picture. That's something nice and quite to do instead of using "computer time." @CAPS5 you could even read a book too. Maybe you have to catch up on your nightly reading for language arts and you want start reading your goal book. If you choose to do "you time, you will definately manage to undo that useless "computer time!" @CAPS6 of these "ideas" for not using the computer is very easy. It's not healthey to sit around the computer @CAPS6 day! Instead you can exercise. You could also socialize with family and friends. Lastly, do "you time. but don't use a computer!!! If you want to achieve a goal you can mange that!!! 5