Computers have caused many people money, friends and time. In fact, since that the computers came out this year, lots of people has been spending web to much time of them. Which can cause people to loose time and friends. Computers and technology today have had a very influence on very many people. Spending too much time on computers can cause to loose time and money. For example, my oldest brother was very large at the age of @NUM1 or @NUM2 because our computer started working, but this had a positive impact on him, he started participating in sports such as basketball and lacrosse and that he was very at them and followed lacrosse through highschool. While doing this he and saves my parents money. This is @CAPS1 reason how computers have had a negative effect on people. The new technology has caused people to loose lots of time when they could be doing other things that would them in life. For example, many people in the @LOCATION1 have half of their day to computers, and not getting the exercise of this are video games of the day on computers. This is @CAPS1 affect that computers can have on people is loosing or with friends. For example, I used to be friends a person, but then he did not talk to me for almost the entire @DATE1 because he was always on the computer, which made me think that he did not want to be friends but actually he just deleted almost all of the the @DATE1 to the computer. Since this helped I have been over to his house about @NUM3 times this year as to every @DATE2. This is @CAPS1 way computers can change your life. The time has come to decide whether to have a computer or not to have in computers. In my mind I that it would be best for everyone if we did not have the on computers, but if you do that we should have the an computers than put a certain time wait on computers. In your so you and your family members don't loose time, exercise time, or friends. Overall, I think that it would be best for everyone if we had a time on computers to the whole day on them. 5