Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 name is @PERSON1 and I do not believe that computers are very beneficial to our society. Computers donot benefit us because they are stoping many people @CAPS3 exercising and healthy life, playing sports, and enjoying the outdoors. Computers are stoping many people, particular the younger generations, @CAPS3 exercising. Now a days instead of bitting the gym many people are home on the computer talking to friends or playing computer games. As a result many people are not as healthy as they should be. It's also recorded that any person who is on the computer for large amounts of times are hurting thier eyes, resulting in an increase of people wearing glasses. If people were to go and start doing things besides the computer they will live a happier, healthier, and better life. Unfortunatly, many young people are not getting in to play sports. During this decade many sports games have come out for the computer. Now instead of pushing themselves to work hard for aspact, kids ethier play with no heart or dont play at all. The reason for this is because they can instead work extremly hard on thier custom @CAPS4 or @ORGANIZATION1 teams in @PERSON2 or @NUM1. Also the computer is not the only electronic stoping kids @CAPS3 playing sports, xbox, playstation, xbox @NUM2, psp, @NUM3, gamecube and gameboy are some of the few console systems that play games that distract kids. I myself, had been caught thinking more about on xbox game then @CAPS2 own hackey game! not olny are these electronics pulling kids in like magnets but the parents are they are alarming thier kids to play video games or stay on the computer for hours on end. Many of us dont know what its truly like to go outside and camp. do not to spend time with thier family. I came @CAPS3 on @CAPS5 family and many @CAPS5 families are very close, so its natural to be doing things with @CAPS2 father or brother or whole or cousin. However not to many families are as close as so they do not do something togther. If some fathers took thier sons fishing or camping, it would get them away @CAPS3 computers and the father/son band will become stronger. These are @CAPS2 reason sir and they should be thought over far quite sometime. Just remember that many people need to exercise, many play sports, and many families got to exprience the outdoors. 4