Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 computers become more and more a part of everyday life people begin to question wether or not they have a positive impact on people. Computers are a technological wonder that has a positive effect on people. The world wide web, unlimited socialization and simulations are just a few of the benefits of computers. The internet provides acess to the world wide we. Infinite amounts of information can be found on your computer. "@CAPS2 in almost everyday school rely on the internet to gain information stated education secretary, @PERSON1. Also search engines provide acess to thousands of information loaded pages. In addition to unlimited information the web olds thousands of different web pages. With these people can learn about other peoples opinions or spend time playing games. The web is only one thing out of hundreds of great things about computers. Socialization is a huge of the moders life style. Web cames @CAPS1 on computers allow people to talk with friends who live miles away. No longer will people have to take an airplane to talk with friends on the other side of the world. Also, instant messaging and email is the main comunication system for thousands of people. It is the most efficient way to talk to friends. In fact, I became re connected with a lot of people I didn't talked to in a long time by getting email. Every body loves taking with their friends and family and this is made easier by using computers. Simulations are a huge benifit of computers. Many simulation programs are used to help people in their lives. Many proffessions using simulations on computers to help learn hot to do their job nine out of ten medical schools have the use of surgery simulations @CAPS1 part of their training course. Also, simulations and gaming on computers reveal interest for many people. I myself have a greater interest in history now after playing many historical themed computer games. Also many games and computer simulation have helped many people learn new things, @CAPS3 are countless learning games and simulations that are acessable by computer. Simulations add huge benifets to owning a computer. @CAPS1 technology advances people are opened up to many possibilities suck @CAPS1 information via the web unlimited socialization and simulations. The benifits of computers are many and the problems few. So, how can you keep up in a world where computer users hold the advantage if you deny the benifits of computers? Computers affect people in a positive way. 4