Dear @ORGANIZATION1, In this new digital age, computors are beaming more and more advanced. You can do just about anything with computors now from talking to people, to learning about faraway places. It is not all as wonderful as it seems, though for people's lives have been ruined because of the internet. It is for that reason that computors are not a benefit to our society. With computors we can learn anyting, go shopping, and contact friends. For many, this deletes the purpose of going outside. You can live your entire life indoors. This lack of exercise can lead to obesity. Also, living this secluded lifestyle can cut off ties with your friends and family. In order to use computors wisely, we have to learn how to balance computor time with an active lifestyle. The problem is, not many people do that. Furthermore, going online too much has been known to produce a second life. With websites like @CAPS1, @CAPS2, and @CAPS3 you can have a whole different online life, with friends that you haven't even seen before. Sometimes, people have even been known to think that their online life is better and get sucked into it. Take @CAPS4 of @CAPS5 for example. It is very popular, but also extremly addicitve. Some play until their entire lives are devoted to playing. Same with @CAPS6 of @CAPS7. This obsession with online games or @CAPS8 is not what internet was made for. Also, peoples lives and reputations have been ruined by computors. Cyber bullying is spreading like wildfire. Its anonymous, and can be detrimental to the lives of others. Internet videos of people acting like idiots never go away. There is one video of a college guy playing with a golf hall retriever like asword called @CAPS9 kid. The video has been viewed over @NUM1 million times. The guy in the video was made fun of for years, sued the people who put the tape online, and was forced into depression. Moving on, people can literally get their lives taken away with computors too. Identity and credit card theft is becoming more and more common. Even my dad had is credit card account stolen last year. Computors must help, but they can hurt much more. In conclusion, computors are a detriment to society. the can hurt people, cause addiction, and seclude your life. Surely this isn't the grounds for something to help society. Truly this is a good thing to let people use. 5