Dear Local Newspaper, Have you ever been running late to a party and just realize you don't have the directions to the person's house? Have you ever had to write a paper and there wen't any books or encyclopedias available? Or have you ever just wanted to catch up with an old friend? @CAPS1 you answered yes to at least one of these questions, there is a good chance you have used a computer in your lifetime. Computers have positive effects because they can give you quick and reliable @CAPS2 and the can be fun too. To begin with let's go back to that example in the paragraph above. Have you ever been running late to a party and realize you do not have the direction's to the person's house? @CAPS1 you have, there are two things you can do in that situation. You can call up the person who probably wan't answer because they're @CAPS4 fun at their party, or you can go on the computer, type the person's address in and you will have your directions in seconds. Call me crazy, but this way seems quicker more efficient and reliable. My mother always says to me, "@CAPS1 you're @CAPS4 trouble finding @CAPS2, go on the computer," because she knows that there is all the @CAPS2 in books on the @CAPS3, and more. And it's just one click away, @CAPS4 sold that, the computer has positive effects on you because it gives you quick and reliable @CAPS2 In addition, computers have positive effects on you when you're trying to have fun. For example, @CAPS5. @CAPS5 is used by teens and adults like, and for one reason only, to socialize with friends via computer. @CAPS1 you to another date and wait to see what your last friend's up the best thing to do would be to go on @CAPS5 and ask A @ORGANIZATION1 shows that in a family of five, four of them use the @CAPS3 to communicate and socialize with friends. Obviously, this is how computers have a positive effect. In conclusion, whether you're bored at home and it's a rainy day, or @CAPS1 you have to nght a research paper you saved until the last minute, a computer will be there for you. Positive effects computers have - are that they are quick and reliable, and they are fun to use. 5