Computers are used world wide everyday, and most of the time @CAPS2 is used for a good reason. Computers help out by making @CAPS2 possible to get all the info you want, like for a trip. @CAPS1 you wanted to go to a close but fancy restaurant you @MONTH1 use a computer so you know how far. Computers also help out, making @CAPS2 possible to talk to friends that you haven't seen for years. @CAPS2 is also great way to meet new people. Let's say you are really stressed at work or school and you forget your book, you can usually bring @CAPS2 up on the computer and do @CAPS2 there. First, computers help out with traveling, sight seeing and lots more. When you travel, dont you want to know everything? And the biggest detail you want to know is the cost and the computer can usually give you a close to exact price for everything. Now that help's out a bunch when your traveling the world. And also when your site seeing you usually want to find either the most amazing or romantic spot were you are. And @CAPS1 you type in "the most romantic spot in somers" @CAPS2 should come up with a bunch of spots. So dont drive to miles just to get a map or brochure, use your computer and print one off. Second, @CAPS1 there was a friend you haven't seen in years and you want to talk, you can go on the computer. The computer helps in so many ways @CAPS2 could even tell you were this person lives and you could surprise visit him/her. When your on the computer, you can even meet new friends and have conversations with them. and even meet them someday. And @CAPS1 you and that new friend get along then mabey you and that person could be best friends. So @CAPS1 you haven't seen or talked to someone in a while that you knew use the computer to have a chat. Third, say your teacher or boss yelled at you today and no one has been nice to you all day and you forget your homework book or paperwork. Were do you go? the computer, @CAPS2 can bring most any paper work or work book you need to get the job done. @CAPS1 you forgot your homework book, you dont want to get a falling grade. on this homework. So you go to your computer from there. And @CAPS1 you forgot your paper work, and @CAPS1 you didn't finish this project for work tonight you would be fired, you could just go on the computer, find the work and finish @CAPS2. Also save your job. So that why computers help out so much in this lifetime. Last, that is why in this lifetime you need computers. They help us with our vacation trips. They help with conversation with old friends we haven't seen forever. Also they help with your school and job work. At least @PERCENT1 of our population use computers every day and with out them our society would colaps/ @DATE1. So think about the decision you are making and @CAPS1 @CAPS2 will benefit our society or make our society @DATE1 to its knees. 4