Dear @PERSON1, @CAPS1 these days are telling kids to go outside instead of vegging out in front of a computer. Computers can but promote bad habits. I try not to use the computer unless I have too for school or to get homework. Please consider the negative effects which are exercising in apropprate content and less interaction with friends/family. Yes internets can be used to find diets and exercise plans but if you would just go to the gym to burn of those pounds everything would be just fine! Internet and computers are designed to suck in your brain, and attack you to all the websites and neat little things. It is more effective just to go to a local @ORGANIZATION2 or @ORGANIZATION1 to work out. I swim on a swim team for a @ORGANIZATION2. I love swimming better than going on the computer. It satisfies my personal needs of exercising. I lost @NUM1 pounds by just swimming for a month. I will run on the tred mill to help me burn of stress or anger. Gyms are way better than computers. I know most of us have seen something inapropprate on the computer. Yes computers give people jobs but there is no need to post pictures or messages that will hurt peoples feelings. I know the other day I saw a really mean comment that made me feel bad for the victim. I know youtube is trying to stop inappropriate content, so hurray for them. Once you give something to the internet it is lost forever. Yes computers have ways to keep in touch with friends but it is better to @CAPS3 or visit in person. Like my @CAPS2 always said," @CAPS3 more, it builds character!" @CAPS4 ever I get the chance I @CAPS3 my best buddies instead of using the computer. Kids theses days can be mean with out try. You disconnect yourself from your family. Because computers attrack users, there are times where you don't pay attention to others around you. @PERCENT1 of kids donot do there home work because of computers. Thank you for your time. I think computers are bad and everyone would be happy with out them. They help the obesity level in the nation, let cyber bullying and inappronrate content flow around the internet and lastly block you out from the world. ( @CAPS5.S someday computers are going to take over the world and you will be sorry you didn't listen to me.) 5