Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers do put possitive affect on people and it also teaches us. So I think computers are very important and they are needed in people lives. We learn information about the world and about what is going on. It also helps us comunicate with friends and family. Lastly it can help us gather information for homework and projects. First, while we are on the computer it tells us baout the world and different countries. The computers tell us how the war is and about what the president is doing. The computer also gives us information about local news such as weather, traffic reports and if there has been a crime that has happended. We also can find out about the stockmarket which is very important to many people. Second, the computer gives the ability to talk with friends and family. AIM, @CAPS3, and @CAPS4 are all different ways to interact with each other. Also if we didn't hand something in at school we could always just e-mail our teachers the information that they might need by a spacific date, if a student forgets what the homework was we can just ask on the computer. Many people find old friends that they haven't seen in years, and getting to see them again and how their family is, it could make someone feel happy about knowing that their old friend has grown happy. Lastly, if students have project or homework that they need information on the computer could always help. On the computer there is a lot of information about people, places, thing, and anything you want to know. The computer gives you answer to question you @MONTH1 have. You can get pictures and information of the thing you are looking up. It also gives you location and dates of different events that have happened in what you are looking up. Computers are very useful when it comes to sudents education. In conclusion, Computers are a very important part of everyones life. To learn about information that is happening in the world, to talk to friends or family, and to help with school work. Even if people aren't exercising they are increasing their education by finding information. You can still enjoy nature, but not as much as ussuall; you still spend time with family and friends by comunicating on the computer. Computers are one of the gratest inventions, and does have a positive effect on people. 4