Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 @PERCENT1 in town use the computer for at least five hours each day. The people are spending way too much time and not benefiting. Computers have an effect on people but in a negative way. People get adicted and distracted and can't get work done. Many inappropriate things are written in computers that children and adults shouldn't read. Lastly people stare at a computer screen all day which can cause brain damage. Effects from computers can be very negative and not beneficial at all. With children at school and adults at jobs, there is most likely a lot of work to get done, but computers should make a person not get the work done. The other day in class the teacher was collecting homework, but @NUM1 out of the @NUM2 kids in our class didn't have the homework. When the teacher asked why the kids didn't do their homework, they said that they were on the computer and forgot about the homework. When the children and adults don't get their work done then grades could be dropped, or people could get fired. The effect is very harmful, and all this happened just because of the adiction and distraction of computers. Since some internet sources are very social, and not all people are kind, mean and inappropriate articles and language could be read. Many children don't know a lot of bad words and certainly no one wants them to be exposed to learning more, so why let them go on the computer and read about these bad things? Adults @MONTH1 know more about the harmful language, but why influence them to write the bad things or comment using mean tones. If adults and children aren't exposed to these bad uses of language then our world could easily be made up of better and kinder people. Studies show that if a person stares at a computer screen for at least three hours a day, then in about two weeks time the person brain could be damaged. The screen of the computer in some way with the human brain and if stared at for too long the screen could permenately damage the brain. A @ORGANIZATION1 student, who studies computer mechanics, quoted, "@CAPS2 help prevent brain damage by limiting the use of computers to only what needs to be done. The mechanics to make the computer screen are not healthy for you!" Who wants to have a damaged brain? Surely this effect could be very serious. So, in the end people should know that computers are not benefiticial. Computers effect people for sure, but not in a way that people would want to be effected. Adiction and distraction from the computer could cause important work to be ignored. Children and adults do not need to learn or be influenced by inappropriate language on the computer. Brain damage could be a serious problem that could be caused by something as simple as looking at a computer screen. @CAPS2 try to prevent all these negative effects by limiting the use of your computer. It is very easy to stay clear of any negative effects but it is your choice whether to do so or not. 5