Hi! My name is @PERSON1 and I think computers are not bad. I think this because yes, people do play the computer to much, but they can also learn a lot of things. Another reason is that some kids like bullys can stop bulling and spend time on the computer to stay away from stress. You can also talk to your friends and even video chat with them too. Computers can teach you a lot. For example @CAPS1 your computer breaks or has virus you can just figure out the problem by yourself. You can also learn or read the news that your missing. For example you can also ask questions that you don't understand and people would answer your question. In moder afoot kids, teens, and even adult computers to look up things that they don't understand. For example, when I read along a book and read a word that I don't know and read around @CAPS1 I still don't now I would go to @LOCATION1 and find what the words mean. Bullys and other people like street people that have computers should stay on the computer and you can just play games. They can play hitting games, shooting games, and even board games. You can even watch fights @CAPS1 you want. What ever you want you got it. This is a good thing because then no one will get and everyone will be happy. Bullys can also go on the computer to relax and stay away from people that they hate. The computers can make you relax because you don't have to be around people and you can just tell the computer to do what ever you want. Kids, teens, and adult don't have to leave the house justto talk to a friend or two. I said this because most computers hace a microcam and you can comminicate with others. For example my dad is trying to get a computer with a micro-cam so that he can be incontact with my mom, my brother, my sister, and I. He has to get one because the doesn't live with us any more. He had to leave and go back to @LOCATION2. Another example, would be that @CAPS1 one of your friends move far, far away you can just talk to them on the micro-cam or even send message back and forth. So I think computers are not a bad idea or a bad things. I say this because you can learn, stay good, and communicate. 5