Dear @ORGANIZATION1 @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers are beginning to be a problem in many households. I feel that too many people are becoming addicted to computers. People like this are more likely to gain weight, have little social time, and spend too much time inside. In @CAPS6 article I have recently read in the @ORGANIZATION1, it was about @CAPS6 experiment on computer use. Dr. @PERSON1, a @CAPS3 professor stated that his findings showed that people who are addicted to computers only leave their homes to run errands. When this happens, it interferes with their lives as well as their bodies, because our bodies need sunlight. Furthermore, his study also showed that people who go outside more and not on the computer as much tend to be happier. @PERCENT1 of the study's patients started to be more joyful once they stopped going on the computer as often. I like when the people around me are happy, not grouchy, don't you? I have been noticing some kids in my school that are gaining weight. These are kids who have recently started going on the computer for a couple hours at a time everyday. This is very bad for your health and body. If someone sits at their computer all day eating the food is not being worked off, so it all turn to fat. Moreover, statistics show that @PERCENT2 of all obese people in a weight loss class had gained their extra weight from sitting at the computer all day. If people treat their bodies this way, they could end up with some type of condition. Last week, @CAPS4 @CAPS5 @NUM1 intervied @NUM2 year old @PERSON2. @PERSON2's best friend has been ignoring @PERSON2 because he got a @ORGANIZATION1 computer. Now, @PERSON2's friend doesn't want to hang out with @PERSON2, or any of his other friends. In addition, when people become addicted to computers, they become less social with friends and other people like parents, teachers, and more. When people push aside their social time for computer games, chat rooms, or movie websites, they lose a large portion of their life. This can be stopped if parents put their foot down, set limits, and make kids spend more time outside. As you can clearly see, computers @MONTH1 have some benefits, but they have many disadvantages. Addicted compuer users become less social, they don't go outside and start to "pack on the pounds." @CAPS6 effect of this is a world full of people who sit on the computer all day eating food and gaining weight. 5