Dear editor, I have heard that some experts are saying that @CAPS1 spend too much time online. I thoroughly believe they are mistaken. With the use of internet people can learn about faraway places without spending money to go there. Our military uses internet to talk to their family and friends stateside. Also it helps us aquire great hand-eye coordination. If someone was planning a trip to @LOCATION1 they would check the internet often. Firstly, they would check out sites to go to in @LOCATION1. Second, they would check and compare hotels in @LOCATION1. Thirdly, they would check the weather in @LOCATION1. Finally, they would check airports for flights going to and from @LOCATION1. Without the internet planning vacations would be close to impossible. People not only use the internet for pleasure but for communication purphases too. They use web cams to talk online to people in faraway places. It is fast, free, and convinent way to communicate to other people. Our military uses web cams to let the soliders talk to their families. How would you feel if you were a solider fighting for you country and the means to talk to your family is out there, but you could not use it. It is cruel and unjust to keep soliders from talking to their families. Internet also gives us something usefull. It helps us build hand-eye coordination. Hand-eye coordination is used in many things. In basketball you need to be able to look up and dribble at the same time. When you are driving you need to be able to look up and still be able to steer the car. Without hand-eye coordination many more accidents would happen from carliess errors. Internet helps people make the world a safer place. In some aspects the experts are right. We should go out and enjoy nature, but we also need to enjoy and use the internet as well. Some people use it as pleasure and build hand-eye coordination. Whle others use it to talk to their loved ones. Or use it to plan vacations. No matter who you are or what you do internet plays an important part in life. 4