Hour after hour of gaming online and posting blogs on social networking sights is all one sees. Unaware at there surroundings, many people zone to their computer screens and only break @CAPS4 absolutely necessary. That is not what the world should become but that is what is society is creating. Computers do not create positive benefits to society. Because of all the time spent on the computer, people's bodies are taking the negative effects. There is also less and less face-to-face interactions with family and friends. Another huge issue is cyber bulling. These are all problems that should be addressed. With all the time spend on a computer in a stuffy, dark room, how will our bodies be maintained properly? Exercise is a key ingriedient to healthy living. It is like trying to make bread without flour, without that necessity the bread will not rise its full potential. It is the same with the health and functions at our bodies. Exercise must be took part in to burn fat and calories, but it is also needed to build and maintain muscles. In fact, muscles start it is recommended to get in at least one hour of exercise of outside play a days. Not many succeed with this goal, which brings up another negative effect to the body. @CAPS2 @CAPS1 helps to maintain strong bones. To get the recommended dose of @CAPS2 @CAPS1 a day you only need to absorb @NUM1 minutes of sunlight a day. It doesn't seem like a lot but @PERCENT1 of our population is not outside to recieve it. Instead, they are inside on their computers. Parties, lunch breaks, or even a family dinner are great times to socialize. But, what if one day you decided you were going to skip your lunch break with friends and instead spend time posting a daily blog. This is social time lost. If this habit continues you might soon see yourself drifting away from your friends because you don't make the time to spend lunch break with them. Even @CAPS4 a child interactions @CAPS4 chatting with friends on @CAPS5 or @CAPS6, anything could be said. Children wont learn at a young age how to think on there fact language. This will effect their later years @CAPS4 interviewing for things such as colleges or even jobs. Social skills are the difference between success and failure. Spending life on a computer is equivalent to being a caterpillar in their while at least attempting to be an extreme will turn you @CAPS7 and @CAPS7 are all created with the ominous cyberbulling. One simple way to prevent this is spending less time in the computer. The effects of cyber bulling can be brutal. A recent study showed that @PERCENT2 of kids would rather be bullied in face then over the internet. The reason being a of cruelty is displayed through cyberbulling over the internet because it takes much less courage to type something up then it for a bully to say something to them victims face. Such cyberbulling has even led to suicides. In fact, a girl in committed suicide due to cyber bulling just @NUM2 weeks ago. If you don't have In conclusion, computers produce more negative effect on society than good. A lack of exercise and proper body maintenance results. Reduced social interacting and skills also result. And maybe most importantly cyberbulling which takes lives occurs. In prevent society from turning into a social waste and felled with the glow of computer screens, lets all turn the monitor and get outside with nature and all its benefits. 6