@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 are many people in this world that think always being on the computer is good because they can talk with people online and learn more about the world. But, then @CAPS1 are people who disagree with them. I am one of those people. Spending too much time on the computer can really affect your life. People stop exercising, don't enjoy the beauty of nature or life, and they aren't spending enough time with their family and friends. So, I hope that while you read through this letter, you take some of this information into consideration. First of all, when people spend a lot of time on the computer they aren't getting all of the exercise that their body needs. They become lazy and don't want to do anything. This is very bad because it will affect your health and the rest of your life. People @MONTH1 become overweight and since they got lazy from always being on the computer, they won't go out and get the exercise that their body needs. People need to enjoy their life! By always being on the computer, they won't be able to. @CAPS1 are so many fun and healthy things you can do for your body. You can go play sports and have fun while getting exercise. Many people do this and try to encourage their family and friends to do it with them. But, some of their family and friends are to lazy to do anything because they are always on the computer. Instead, they stay inside the house all cooped up and don't get enough fresh air. This is a horrible thing to do to yourself. Your body needs fresh air, so start enjoying your life a little more people! Finally, people @MONTH1 lose contact with family members of their friends because they are to busy on the computer playing games. I know I wouldn't want to lose a friend to the internet ever again and I don't think anyone else would want to either. I once lost a friend or two because I didn't talk to them as much as I used to because I had been too busy on the computer on @CAPS2, @CAPS3, and games. I felt horrible because I didn't realize that I had been doing that. I really wouldn't want anyone else to lose contact with a family member or lose a friend because of the internet. Its horrible and you don't feel like yourself anymore. Once again I would like to tell you that always being on the internet is not good. You can become lazy, not want to do anything etc., people aren't enjoying their life to the fullest and you can and @MONTH1 lose contact with a family member or lose a friend because you spend to much time on the computer. I hope that after reading this, you realize that being on the computer is not always good for you. 5