Dear Local Newspaper, I believe that computers are an extremely useful tool in society. It helps people learn new things about different cultures. Also, it lets you communicate with friends and family through the internet, for example, using facebook or @CAPS1. Finally, it provides an accurate research tool for school projects, or interviews. First, learning about different cultures helps the world stay together. For example, here, we learn @CAPS2 and @CAPS3. Each class teaches us to respect more and more of this culture. However, some people don't have the chance to get this land of education, so they turn to the internet. If the computer didn't exist, we might not know about the lifestyle @NUM1 mi away from us. We wouldn't know if their lifestyles are extremely difficult or luxurious. Also, we wouldn't know if we could help them or not. For example, the earthquake in @LOCATION1 which. It's one step closer to world peace no more war or conflicts. Secondly, the computer helps you communicate to friends and family for in the world. I remember one time I was mailing my family friends who was in @LOCATION2, risking his life. I knew he couldn't come back to town, so I started to email him, and video chat with him. Whenever I saw his face, I knew that everything was okay. I don't know how I would have without the internet. Other ways lived you could as. Also, just communicating with friends! internet sites, like extremely useful. Finally, you use the computer for educational use. For example, research projects, study tools and essays. Whenever that a research is the internet. This extremely reliable and accurate. However that some of the websites are fake, which is easy to great research to use for school projects. Also, I know many teachers in my school have a blog or page where they put their @CAPS4 on, study links, and handouts, just in case we lose them. Whenever there is a test coming up, my @CAPS2 teacher, @CAPS5 would have links on her go to help use study. Also, is another website that helps us study for vocab. It also has many games that and learn our vocab words. As you can see, the computer helps us in our daily use and makes a positive impact on our society. From educational purposes, to learning cultures and socializing with friends it helps us get through life. As very successful newspaper and people, I assume you will understand how much the computer has made a positive effect in society. 6