Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, Computers have a very positive effect on people. I agree that computers have a positive effect. They teach hand-eye coordination. It gives people the ability to learn about people and places, and you can talk online @CAPS3 first reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination. for example, when you learn how to type, you can memerize the keys. Therefore, you don't have to look down at the keyboard. Computers also teach hand-eye when using a mouse. When you want to click on something you have to look at the screen and move the mouse to click on the icon. @CAPS3 final reason that computers teach hand eye is once you what to do, you don't have to serch the screen for an icon. You could just move the mouse to a spot on the screen and no what to do. Computers teach hand-eye coordination when you type, when you move the mouse to click on an icon, and when you memorize all of the icons. @CAPS3 second reason is computers make you smarter. For example, if you have a history project, and you need to know about china, you can use the computer. How many times would china be in the newspaper? Using the computer can access quick information. Another example is computers can find information on famous people no one knew about. You could be able to find what college a famous actor went to in a matter of seconds. @CAPS3 last example is that a serch engine can look up famous pictures. If you are working on a project that requires pictures, @ORGANIZATION1 can have the photos you need. Computers make you smarter because you can look up different countries, you could look up people, and famous countries. @CAPS3 last reason is computers give you the ability to talk online with friends, for example, you could catch up with friends you don't see that much during school. Talking online is just as fast as texting. Also, you could continue a conversation you had with a friend. Did the bell ring in the middle of a conversation? Well, you can continue it on @CAPS4, or @CAPS5. Lastly, you can just plain talk. You could make plans, or you can talk about upcoming events. Computers give you access to talking with your friends. In conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on other people. You can get hand-eye coordination, you can look up foreign countries and people, and you can talk with your friends. 5