Dear @LOCATION1 Newspaper: @CAPS1 you really think computers are that good? Computers are so helpful today almost everyone has one. Computers are wonderful they are great ways to find information, they connect people from all over the world, and offer many @ORGANIZATION1 opportunities, hopefully at the end of this letter you will agree with me. Firstly, they help people find information. Computers are great ways to find information with google and other programs like it the whole world is at your fingertips. In my school surveys show @PERCENT1 of all students use the computer to help them research for school projects and asignments with computers you can view many diffrent websites from all around the world about a topic and you can even find online books that you can use, this is one way computers are a great thing out there are two other great reasons. Secondly, with computers the wole world becomes smaller as people begin to know more and more people through the computer. More than @PERCENT2 of people email, @CAPS2, or videochat on a daily baes. Isnt it great when you mnake a great friend in collage but you find out he/she lives halfway around the world, to know that you can still keep in touch with the computer, did you know that many people in the in the military use videochat to keep in touch with their loved one back home? Computers are great because they connect people and allow them to be together even when they cannot be together, but there is still one even better reason why computers are good. Finally, computers ofter many opportunities like education and jobs. Today there are many single parrents more than in any other time according to @ORGANIZATION1 and the number is still drastickly increasing with this economy some of those parrents could really use a better education to help them bring in more money for their familys, but when can they find time to go to school with work and then the kids? Now there are many online collage courses you can take to get the education you have always wanted with kraigslist and other online adds many people can post job ofering while others can email those people their resume to try to get the job, but by seeing adds posted online people can apply easier from farther away. Computers open many great oppertunities for people. Computers are very cool machines that many people take fergranted, they help give people information, as well as connect people from around the world and offer many @ORGANIZATION1 oppertunities. So @LOCATION1 Newspaper I hope you can try to understand my view on why computers are so great. 5