Dear Readers of the @ORGANIZATION1, Computers are machines that have been around for @MONTH1 years. With internet, you can do things like play games, research information, and even talk to friends and family, all through a computer. Advances in computer technology are beneficial to @CAPS1 society for several reasons. These includes that computers improve hand-eye coordination, provide abundant information, and allow people to talk online. As said earlier, using a computer can improve hand-eye coordination. In fact, it is known that computers can immensely improve your reflexes. This reminds me of a time when my brother went to an eye doctor and was told that his eyes had trouble focusing. Patrick, my brother, was then literally assigned by the doctor to play computer games to help his hand-eye coordination. As a matter of fact, @PERCENT1 agree that computers can have a gargantuah, positive impact on reflexes and hand-eye coordination. If computers heldful in this way and, in some cases, necessary for your eyes, then why would the use of computers be classified as bad when they are clearly a beneficial factor in @CAPS1 society? Computers are also beneficial because of what huge resource they are. the internet offers so much information for people of all ages who want to learn and thrive. For example, most schools have their students use computers for research. When I say most schoold, I mean @PERCENT2 of schools assign students to research using a computer. Principal of new city @ORGANIZATION2, @PERSON2 says, "@CAPS1 students use computers at leat every week if not more. They are fantastic resource with endless information." Computers are getway to countless amounts of knowledge that everyone should have access to. It is well known that almost everyone knows someone who lives far away. I, myself, have friend who lives in @LOCATION1 that I miss very much. When long-distance phone calls are too expensive most of the world and I rely on computers to talk to out far-away friends. Computers are the bridge between @CAPS2; (my @CAPS3 friend) and I. However, computers are not only used long distance. I also use computers to e-mail, instant message, video chat, and just stay connected to family and friends. A local teenage boy, @PERSON1, says. "I use my computer to stay connected with friends and my family that lives in another county. I don't know what I would do without it." This means that @PERSON1 and thousands of others rely on computers for communication with friends and Family. Computers are necessary for @MONTH1 reasons. They help people, educate, and connect people. You must have access to a computer in my opinion, in order to thrive in life. 5