Dear local newspaper, I overheard some people talking about how much time their families spend on the computer. My opinion is that they should not be on the computer staring at a screen for long periods of time. I think this because it takes away time from important tasks, there is something healthier than enclosing yourself with a computer monitor, that would be going outside or being active. Another reason is that you can have more time being around family and friends. First, you shouldn't be spending so much time on the computer. You could be getting other tasks done. Such @CAPS2 working, or for most teens, doing homework. Studies show that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 teens get easily distracted by social networking websites such @CAPS2 "@CAPS1". "twitter", and "aol". People in the workplace are distracted two. Sometimes the job can get boring, so workers just go on the computer instead of getting things done. Children could be doing chores or just helping around the house a little, but they go on the computer instead. Teens regular routine consists of waking up, getting ready, soing on the computer, school, coming home, snack, and then going back to the computer. We need to break those habits of going back to the computer. Staring at a computer screen for long periods of time is not healthy. Instead, you could be active in a sport, or just going outside and playing." @CAPS2 technology goes up seizure rates have also gone up." @CAPS3 to a doctor at @ORGANIZATION1. Being involved in a sport would be healthier and more fun that talking to people online. Also, your not exercising while on the computer, being active keeps your shape along with being fun. The most important reason you shouldn't be on the computer for a long time is because your using valuable time you could have used to spend with family and friends. Most people barely see their family when their at home because their consumed in the computer. Laptops have made it easier to block people out. Bringing it into your room and shutting the door, is the most common way. Hang out with the friends your already talking to online, wouldn't it be better in person? In conclusion, we should limit our computer time to do other tasks, be active, and spend time with friends and family. 4