Dear @PERSON1 weekly, The new millenium brought a new wave of technology. Computers is the main invention that most likely everyone uses. The computers teach us great things such as learning about a vacation spot or a far off country. The computer allows us to talk to friends or family while they are away or even home. Also, typing on the computer teaches us hand eye coordination that can help us with other things. The computer is surely a great invention. Have you ever wanted to go on vacation to somewhere overseas? Well the computer is a great source for learning about these places. The effects it has could be significant. One day some one might want to go to the bahamas, but then finds a new location such as @LOCATION1 or even @LOCATION3. In addition the computer benefits students very well. Students usually have to do projects on places in the world and the computer is the main source of intelligence. When I have an essay to do I always use the computer first. Recently my grandmother moved down to @LOCATION2 and I can only talk to her on the phone. Although on my computer I can actually see her on my screen. The webcam allows me to see me grandma. The computer allows you to keep in touch with friends and family that you do not see on a regular bases. For example @CAPS1 or twitter keeps you in touch with friends from high school. The computer can also send emails to friends and family so you can say hello every once in a while. Sports require a great deal of hand eye coordination. The computer makes you better at this. By looking at the screen while typing, gives you a boost on your hand-eye coordination because you are doing two things at once. A sport that requires a lot of this is @CAPS2. While the ball is in the air you must focus on it while holding your stick at the correct position. Although hand-eye coordination is mainly taught through the powers of the computer. To conclude, all that I would like to say is that the computer is a great source for intellegence. It also allows you to keep in touch with high school friends and far away family. Finally, the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination. The computer is a very important piece of technology. 4