Dear Local Newspaper @CAPS1, @CAPS2 show that @PERCENT1 of humans in the @LOCATION2 alone spend most of their time on a computer or laptop. I believe that the effect of computers has a negative effect on humans because it creates people to have a lack in exercise and it limits the physical interaction with others. As a nation, we can lower the statistic above and create a better environment altogether. The amount of people that lack a sufficient quantity of exercise has risen in the past decade. Doctor @PERSON1, who is expert in the connections between health and computers, surveyed @NUM1 people. Out of those people, @PERCENT2 said they rarely go outside because theu are trapped in the cyber world. This shocking percent proves that only one in twenty people actually get some tyoe of exercise. @PERSON2 stated, "this shocking @CAPS2 means that most -if not all- all people are unhealthy physically, which is a problem that must be solved." @CAPS3 goes on to say that being on a computer for most of the day and not exercising is what contributes ti unhealthiness. In addition to lacking exercise, many humans are losing the physical interaction that they should have. As humans have become, modernized with technology, most humans lose the physical interaction that they world normally have encountered if they we not on the computer. @PERSON3 agreed with this statement and said, " I am a college greaduate; I have a degree and all, but I wasn't always like this. When I was younger, I owned a computer. As soon as I got home from school, I would always go on the computer. I wouldn't talk to anyone-not even my family! If I could go back and change that, I would." This statement proves that the lack of physical interaction with human is a crucial subject to touch on. @PERSON3 regreted it all and changed his ways once @CAPS3 got to high school. No one wants to live with regrets, so physical human interactions are necessary to live a non-regretful life. the lack of human interaction and lack of exercise are problems that need to be solved as soon as possible. In conclusion, using computers has started a growing epidemin in the @LOCATION1. The most important reasons as to why computers have anegative effect on humans are it limits the amount of exercise, and it almost destroys the physical interactions between humans. Thank you for your attention, and remeber one thing: Computers can always have a negative effect on many humans lives. 5