You want my opinion on the effects computers have on people? Well, I believe that computers help people educate people and some computers people relie on. It's time to decide if you agree with me that computers have positive effects on people. Do you agree with me that computers can help people? Say for example you have a question noone in your home can answer. Why not @ORGANIZATION2 it? Of course once in a while you're going to get a school project. Surely you'll need information, but the library is closed. And you don't @CAPS3 what to do. Simple, all you have to do is reasearch it on your computer. Don't you agree that computers help people? I remember this one time I entered a @CAPS1 contest, and the @CAPS2 I needed was lost, then I remembered I put it in my computer. Computers can be relied on by people. Just think about it! Almost over @PERCENT1 of jobs out in the world relie on the technology of a computer. For example the @ORGANIZATION1 job. It would be kind of hard to keep track of how much trash is thrown out every year without a computer, surely banks use computers too! To keep track of everyone's allowance and money situations. Let's not forget about what lawyers do? There are some lawyers incart who use the computer to type up every word said. They turn the words into short and to keep up with what people are saying. Did you @CAPS3 that without these computers ever half the million jobs in the world would fail? Some people would agree that some online games are educational. For example, there is @CAPS4. That game teaches you words you probably never seen before. And don't forget @CAPS5. That game improves your counting of numbers. Last, but not least would be @CAPS6 @CAPS7. That game sharpens your skill and exercises your brain. Strategy come in handy, surely you now see that some games are very educational. In conclusion, I agree that the effects computers have on people are positive. Because computers help people, are reliable, and can educate people. It's now or never do you agree that computers have positive effects on people? 5