Dear Newspaper, The question is whether or not people are spending too much time on the computer or not. In my opinion people aren’t, and there are many benefits from being on the computer. Typing in the computer teacher hand-eye coordination. It is easy to learn while on computer too, and you all communicate with people also! Handeye coordination is very important. We use it everyday during sports taking notes, even playing video games! Being on the computer is good because it develops hand-eye coordination. Whatever you do on the computer typing, playing online game, or surfing the web develop hand-eye coordination. It is good to learn hand-eye coordination because most teachers these days neat children to type and print their papers, so they are neater.If kids can learn hand-eye coordination, they can type faster turn then into their when go on there computer hand-eye coordination. My world cultures teacher lets us use an online textbook if we dont finished our homework in class, instead of logging around textbook. Any student would rather go online than have to bring a giant textbook to and from school. Have you ever thought about how much easier it is college course online. Then having to go to college especially for working parents? Everything happens online in you portable laptop, instead of having to go to and from a college. Using computer to learn about different places is easy. There are websites full of pictures of beautiful foreign places that hot deserts, and troppical rainfall of monkeys and tigers. It is fun and easy to learn on a computer. Since cell phones have become so a lot of people have gotten rid of thier home phone to save money. Sometimes, though cellphones lose signal. That is why it is good to have a computer. It is eat to talk to other people forums, chats websites and email. You can have intelligent,and its easy and free! It is east to communicate using a computer. Surely you've heard my reasons its okay for people to spend time on the computer you see my point. Yes people shall spend time outside or with family, in small does the computer good for you. It is easy to learn hand coordination and communicate on a computer. 4