Dear Local Newspaper, I agree that computers have a positive effect on people. You learn hand - eye coordination, you don't have to step out to go to the library and it can improve social skills. Continue reading to find out why. Computers, we use them everyday. They are teaching us something. We @MONTH1 not even realize it, but they are teaching us hand-eye coordination. We type something and we use our eyes to look at the screen and then our hands to type, one mistake and automatically our hand fix it. Or maybe when we are playing games online, the same thing applies. Our eyes are looking, while our hands are fast at work over the keyboard. Hand-eye Coordination is a skill you need on sports, and I believe that computers, since we spend time on them are the quick way to learn that skill. Next, how many student's parents work? My parents do. Something it becomes difficult to walk to the library, not everyone lives in walking distance to one. That's when a computer helps. If you have a project to do, but your parents work, you can just @ORGANIZATION1 it up, you might even get more information, then what you can get in the library. Hows that? you ask. Well, for an example, @CAPS1 you had to do a project on @CAPS2. Let's just say, you managed to go to a library, but apparently there were only @NUM1 books on @CAPS2, out of which @NUM2 were checked out. You can always check it out from another library, but that might not come soon enough, on a survey @PERCENT1 of students said this has happened to them, but the computer saved them. So what else did they say? HELLO @ORGANIZATION1! Last but not least, a computer improves your social skils. When I first moved here I was a very shy person. When I made a @CAPS3, I @CAPS4 talking to people who go to my school. I even became friends with them. I'm not saying that you should just stop talking to people in person, and use @CAPS3, @CAPS6, @CAPS7, or @CAPS8 and communicate. @CAPS9 I am saying is that if you start talking to them online, you know them a little, then when you talk in person you will see you have alot in common, with that person, and soon you can become friends. Another thing, that is somewhat related to this. I have many friends living in @LOCATION1, and many cousins in @LOCATION3, @LOCATION2, @CAPS9 over. We @CAPS9 know, you can't travel @CAPS9 the time, sometimes you can't even get to see them. Thats @CAPS10 social networks help. You can keep in touch, plus @CAPS11.S. not even waste minutes on you phone. Can it get better? In conclusion, Computers have a very positive effect on people. From improving hand-eye coordination, to not stepping out to go to the library, and getting that project done in time with a A+ as a grade, to improving your socia skills. Even see the data collected. Thank you for taking your time and effort to read this, I hope it has persuaded many people. 5