Dear Newspaper, @CAPS1 has lately come to my attention that people were saying that computers aren't important. Well, I strongly disagree with that statement. I think computers teach excellent hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places, and even allow you to chat online with family and friends. Computers teach a lot of hand eye coordination. Study's show that @PERCENT1 of all football players have excellent hand eye coordination. I'm sure this is because after the football players get home from a big game or something they log into @CAPS2 and make thier status all about thier win. Plus, they probably pull up pingball and see how long they can go without getting the little ball down the hole. Do you have good hand eye coordination? My second reason that I disagree with the previous statement would have to be that computers give people the ability to learn about far away places without ever leaving home I mean @CAPS1 is so much faster than having to go to the library. At the library you would have to first get there, secend pick out your book, and third check @CAPS1 out. with a computer in all that time you could be completely finished with you whole project! Finally, the reason why computers are so important is because @CAPS1 keeps people in touch. Do you have family members who live far away from you? I @CAPS3 I do. I can't always call them on the phone @CAPS4 I want to talk to them so I just log on to @CAPS2 and if there online I can have my conversation with that person. I don't @CAPS3 about you but I'm really close to my grandma. Unfortanitly she doesn't even live anywhere close to @NUM1 hours to me. She's way down @LOCATION2 in @LOCATION1. By car thats one and a half days and by plane thats three hours! So @CAPS1's so much easier to log on @CAPS2 and have a private conversation with her rather than driving a day and a half or flying for three hours. So in conclusion I'm sure you totally agree with me. Computers are just amazing! They help you get hand eye coordination, let you research something super quick, and let you stay in touch with far away friends and family. 4