Dear local newspaper, I think that computers are a good thing to have for the following three reasons. First, they help people learn by looking up information on different places. Second, the help people talk to friends and family using @CAPS2. Lastly they help people become less stressed by playing computers games. Learning is important and with computers, you're able to learn faster. Computers help you learn about faraway places like @LOCATION1. It is much easier to learn on the computer than to go to the library and check out a book. If you're working on a project and you needed some last minute information, you could just go to the computer and search you're topic. Learning on a computer is much more convenvent then going to the @CAPS1. Another reason computers are good is because you can talk to friends and family who are far away using something called @CAPS2. @CAPS2 allows someone to talk to another person using the computer. These people could live just down the block or half-way accrose the world. My cousin is living in spain for a semester in college. I've skped with her many times. The cool thing about @CAPS2 is that you can acctually see the person you're talking to on the computer screen. @CAPS2 is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends who are faraway. My last reason is that computers help lower your stress level by playing games. Computer games are alot of fun to play. They have games that range from @CAPS3 @CAPS4 the word, to @CAPS5 @CAPS6 beauty barn. Computer games are a great way to lower your stress because instead of piking your self up with to much work, you'll be calming your selfdown with computer games. They also gave educational games. like, Which country is which. This game teaches you geoagrahy while you have fun. Computers are a great thing to have. They help you learn about faraway places, talk to people who live faraway and play fun computer games. Computers are always going to be used and never put to waste. Theres always something you can do when you go on a computer. 5