Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 would you want to do in your spare time? Would you go outside and maybe @CAPS3 the soccer ball around with your kids, or grab a bag of chips and log onto facebook or your email? The question is, do computers have a negative or positive effect on people. I believe that computers have a negative effect. Talking to friends on the computer doesn't let you learn social skills. Going on the computer can also be very addicting. Finally, it take's away from all the exercise you need. I @CAPS4 that after careful consideration you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people. Facebook, ichat and email are all fun and easy ways to talk to your friends and family online. However, are you really gaining any social skills by doing this? Talking to friends and family online doesn't help you have good social skills. When you first meet someone in person, you most likely want to @CAPS4 @CAPS2 to say and how to act. Typing on a keyboard doesn't really let you interact with people. @CAPS6 not invite someone over, or go out to lunch with your family istead? Computers also are very addicting. I can say for myself that once I log onto the computer, I might not be off for the next hours. This is the case for many other people too. Going on the computer is addicting. Il @CAPS4 that not everyone is using a computer on a daily basis the vast majority of people are. When I'm on facebook and I see the number of people online is one hundred or even two hundred, as time goes by, the number increases. The computer being addicting leads to getting enough exercise. Doctors say that adults and kids should get atleast an hour of exercise a day. Going on the computer takes away from this time. Instead of sitting on the computer for an hour, you could be getting your hour of exercise. instead A lot of times when someone @CAPS5 down at the computer, a snack goes with them. This just adds onto the fact @CAPS6 getting the exercise is important to stay healthy. I @CAPS4 that I would feel a lot better if I went for a run instead of going on the computer. You are probably saying that you have time to manage both, but some people would rather exercise. When these people see you on the computer, @CAPS2 kind of example does it set? If everyone limited their time on the computer we would all feel a lot better and be more social. I trust that you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people. 5