Many people think that computers are not a good thing. They think people spend to much time on the computer and are getting less exercise. They are also concerned that looking at the screen could be damaging to your eyes. Those statements maybe true. I believe that computers are beneficial. You can talk to people from other places. You could learn about other places in the world. You can also use the computer to research topics. first off, on the computer you can talk to people. Whether it on a webcam or one of those networks to @LOCATION1 and chat with each other. On the computer you can chat and talk with people without having to be on the phone and paying a bill for it. For example, I have family in another country and one way we always talk is on the computer. We talk on webcam and chat. Calling someone from another country on the phone gets really expensive. If I didn't have a computer then I would not have that great of contact with @CAPS2 family from another country. In addition, You can use the computer to look at foreign countries. Many people including @CAPS2 parents have used the computer to look and read into about other countries. @CAPS2 mother, whenever @CAPS1 plans a vacation, looks up the country we are going to and gets more information about it. Like @DATE1 we went to a hot exotic place, @CAPS2 mom looked it up to see what we should pack to go there. If it weren't for the computer we might have packed the wrong items. Lastly, computers are a great source for researching. I can't tell you how many times I have used the computer to research. Books and encyclopedias are great sources but the computer has so much to offer. You have so many links you can go to and sites. You can find pictures, videos, maps, and much more. I have used the computer many times to research, sometimes its a requirement to have a few sites you have gone on to research for your project in school or something. If you have a computer at home you can build up your computer skills for school. Computers are a more positive thing than negative. You can talk to people without the expensive phone bill. You can learn about other places and cultures. Also, you can use it for researching purposes. Computers @CAPS3! 4