Dear, @ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 would life effect you if you did not have a computer? I strongly belive that computers have a great effect on people all around the world. It helps you at work for a job and at school. Computers also help students and adults talk to people. Many people want to go to places but they do not know what the place looks like or where it is. With a computer, you can find out all of that information. Read in to the minds of the students and see what we have to say on this topic. With a computer it is much easier at your job or at school. Just think, without computers people would need to write every paper by hand and we all know that can take hours. When you type a paper for school, you go to spell check and then you know everything is correct. If you write a paper by hand, there is a huge chance that some words could be spelt wrong. Work get finished a lot a quicker on the computer so you have more time to do other things like hang out with friends. If you rush on a paper, the people reading it will have a tough time trying to figure out what it says, on the computer, you work is always going to be neat. You mcan e-mail your work to a friend or save it to your computer so if. you need to change something for a paper, it will be a quicker than having to rewrite the whole paper over. Computers do not effect me in a horrible way because it helps 'me get my work done faster. Computers help people communicate with other people. By having a computer people can talk to other people. In many schools students ask their friend a question about homework. Without a computer, people would have no way of asking questions and end up getting it wrong. I like to hang out with my friends and in order to do that you have to make plans. When you are on the computer, you can go on facebook and if they are on, talk to them about what they wanted to do kthat night. It is so much easier to do instead of looking up their number and calling them. Many people in the world have old friends from school that they want to stay in touch with. Now with a computer they will have no issue doing that. You will finally be able to look up a place you want to go. Many people in this world like to travel on the computer you can look up maps and see the shortest way to get to the place, you want to go, you will see if they easy way to get there and that might not he by car. i would not want to go to a place that did not look eye catching. Now I can just go on the website and find out 'everything I wanted to know about that place. If a place is @NUM1 hours away, I would not want to travel that far so I would need to know if a place is close to where I live computers really tell you a lot about it and what the weather is mostly like. i use the computer for mostly everything I do. Comming through our minds have showed you what we have thought about the effects computers have on us today. We can make work a lot easier, talk to other ;people, and get imformation on places you want to visit somebody. The computer is a very reliable source for me and you have lost a lot if you do not agree with me on this. 5