Dear editor, Have you ever would to know something so badly that you can't focus on anything else? Have you ever tried to find that information and had an"ah-hah!" moment? What did you use to search for this knowledge? You probably used a computer. All you need to do is type in your request, hit " enter" and viola! Your screen fills with choices of information sites. Computers help so many people with everyday questions. Our country has gotten smarter because of computers. You can converse with friends that have moved across the state, country, or even world. At every click of your mouse there are new things to learn. You can even use the computer for your personal enjoyment. Computers have opened up so many opportunities the world needs to lake. When I was four years old, my best friends at the time moved to florida. I was devastaded. At first, we tried writing letters to each ohter. Then, as we grew older and became busier and busier, or connection with each other halted. As technology and computers have advanced, my friend and I text, e-mail, and instant message each other all the time. It has made our long distance friendship easier and closer. Because of computers, you can communicate with friends you thought were long-lost. You can also meet new people with one of the many sites available. How would you like to talk with someone all the way down in @LOCATION2? World communication has also opened up many business opportunities. Since the economy is failing, computers will open job spaces, help college students study for their futur career, and hopefully help to improve the lives of many people. Communication is needed for many things to make our world better for generations to came. Instead of going to a noisy arcade, why not play exciting games right in the privacy of your. Any game you can think can probably be found on the @CAPS1. From a simple game of solitare to an advanced level of shift, games for any age and difficulty level can be found. New, some people @MONTH1 think that all kids are going to do is sit in front of the computer and play games. There are going to be some peole that will refuse to go outside, spend time with their friends or just read outside. There will definitely be some people like that. I can't help it. What we can do is all those that refuse to go outside to do so. I know many people who spend and budget their time wisely and still have a great time. We can also encourage kids to use exercise programs on their computers and video games to improve their health. There are many fun and games that help you to be a better and healthier person while still having fun. The computers we have in our homes right now are equipped with so much information that if you tried to take it all in are you would be overwhelmed. @ORGANIZATION1, a popular search engine, gives you the power to look up anything you could ever wait to know from the vice president's birthday to the price of eggs in @LOCATION4 to how wide the @LOCATION1 is can all be found with the click of a button. this knowledge helps with homework assignments incredibly. Most reference books are out of date and information is inaccurate, but computers are updated so frequently, you have all the facts all the time. I think our country has gotten much smarter because of computers. So whether you want to talk to your long-lost friend in @LOCATION2 or talk to an expert on osprey in @LOCATION3, you can find your answer on the computer. While you're at it, play a couple exciting games and learn about the best movies ever released in @DATE1. Have fun and learn lots! 5