Dear @ORGANIZATION1, I Computers is a new technology that keeps on getting better and better. It can do many things like help you learn something new and see new/old friends. Even some people do online education. Also what a lot of people like about computers is the games. Computers are a great benifit to us and can be useful and fun. The computer can teach us many new and exciting things. There can be a lot to learn too. Somethings you could learn about on the computer are places, people, animals, plants, food, etc. I have once had to find a recipe for carmel apples and to do so I used the computer. Some people use the computer for there education. There are online college and online high school. Its like a new way to be home schooled. Not everyone can go to big @CAPS1 so it is easier for them to use an online college. Also, lets say your doing a project and you need information instead of rushing to the library you can use the computer and find it. There are many other things you can do on the computer like visit some friends. I friends, everyone has friends either new friends or old friends. Back then before computers if you wanted to talk to your friend you would have had to send a letter. With computer you can now send a letter faster then before. Its now called an email. Which you just type what you want and click..send it off to your friend. Not all use an email, some use instant messaging. An example of that would be aim or meebo. I moved from @LOCATION1 to hear and I have friends I don't get to see much. I bet there are many people that have that same issue. Well with the computer you can now see people! chat and see them. For instance @ORGANIZATION2 is a way to see your friends like that. Its a easy and fun way to stay in touch with friends and even you family. There is still more that a computer can do. Another thing it can do is play video games. They are so much fun to play and what I am talking about is video games. Kids them even teens and adults love. Whenever your bored you can go play online games. Or you can have games you purchesed and play them. They are entertaining and fun too! Even very little kids can play games. Sometimes you can even play with you friends online with a online game. I know when I get bored I go on the computer and play a game called @CAPS2 @NUM1. Computers are great and there are pently of more things you can do other than what I was taking about. I hope I have convinced I or showed you how computers are a benifit to us people. 4