Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2 I have learned that some experts say that people spend too much time on computers when they could be excercising or with friends and family. I, on the other hand, think otherwise. Computers are a great way to learn and communicate with others, here's why: @CAPS3 of all, I would like to say how much computers help us in school. Most students use them every day. We can study for tests by looking for websites with lots of information and we can also research topics that we don't understand. For example, if you want to find out how planets form, you can just type it into a search engine and a list of websites will pop up. Another way we use computers in school is when we have to make projects. We can use different tools to set up a slide show while also looking up information on the internet. Lastly, the internet is also a way for teachers to communicate with their students. If the teacher sets up a blog, students can always see what the class is doing, what the homework is, and find cool links that will help them understand certain topics better. Another point I would like to mention is that the experts say that computers deprive us of time with family and friends when the truth is, its the opposite, computers actually take communication to a whole new level. For example, if you wanted to have a chat with an old friend, you could log right on to msn or aim and find out what's new in their lives. A second way to communicate with friend is by @ORGANIZATION1, a cheap and easy way to contact friends outside the country. Next, you could go a bit more old fashioned and just write an e-mail. It will take longer to get a reply but its still worth the wait in the end. Lastly for parents who kids live far away, video chat is also a good way to communicate because you will be able to see them and hear their voice as well. Lastly, I would like to tell you about just how much we can learn by using a computer. You could just go to a search engine and search any topic in the world and you're bound to finds hundreds of results. It doesn't matter what your interests are because you'll always find great information. The internet also allows you to catch up on recent news such as weather. Next, there are websites that allows you to ask questions and get answers just as fast. You might have to check your sources to make sure they're reliable, but I believe it's still worth it. Lastly, if you are getting ready to go on a trip, you can check flight information with the click of a button. Or maybe you need to find out what the weather will be like, there are many websites for that. There are also websites that can help you learn about the place you'll be staying at as well. Next time, think twice about what you hear about computers because they really aren't all that bad for you. Sometimes it @MONTH1 be better to go outside and play but computers do help you learn and communicate with others which are just as important. 5