Dear local newspaper, I also agree that computers have a positive effect on people. I agree with this because the computer can teach people things. Also people can talk to each other, and believe / create whatever they want. Computer have a positive effect on people because i believe the computer can teach people a lot. The computer can make things visual to kids and out. I know that when i was younger i used to play math and science games on the computer to help me study for tests. The computer also helps out with adults and their jobs. I don't know what half the adults in the world would do without computers. If you think about all jobs that are happening today also @CAPS1 of the computer. Such as e-mail. What would some buisnesses do. without e-mail? also adults like to check websites for the news and to catch upon sports. we can all learn so much from the computer and there are so many people who @CAPS1 their jobs on computer. we all learn something everyday and with the computer, we can make it kind. Also the computer benefits online chats e-mail and now even with a cam you can talk face to face with people all over the world I know e-mail helps out so many people who live long distance and e-mail doesn't take long at all. I know thanks to cam and microphones that are buit into computer helped our because now I can talk to all my friends and family and see them I hear them without traveling just simply clicking a button. There are websites now that @CAPS1 of taveing to @NUM1 people online and over cam or microphone. Things like this help out so much somepeople just. Think about all those people who have relationships and what not, @CAPS1 it off of computers really do help out. Lastly all the people who @CAPS1 their imagination off computers, all those people who put that thoughts and feelings into the computer. I know plenty of people who type their feeling because they would never dare say them a loud. Now imagine if computers faded away? That's what i think about what people say such things as the computers not. Everything is useful and everything has at least some sort of positive effect coming out or it. So @CAPS2 in my opinion computers do bring out a positive effect to the world. 5