Dear Local Newspaper, @CAPS1 opinion on the fact of the computer is that it can be bad for the citizens in @LOCATION2 in @LOCATION1. I think that some people are not getting enough exercise and I also think that you can get lazy on the computer is bad too. @CAPS1 three reasons for @CAPS1 opinion is @NUM1. People are not getting enough exercise, @NUM2. People get lazy and changes while being on the computer an mount of time, @NUM3. They will get addicted to the computer. The first reason is because people are not getting enough exercise I pick that reason because people I know gain a lot of weight and it's kinda of sad because they do nothing but stay on the computer and eat. Another detail is that the computer messes up your eyes by staring at that type of screen. One time I did that and @CAPS1 eyes felt weird after getting on the computer. The third detail was that people gets very fragile and weak. I picked that detail because if you get up off the computer and exercise your bones will become weak. The second reason is because people will become lazy and changes for an example people will keep asking you to get stuff and do stuff for them and you would do it because you be a good friend. The second detail is that the person will change, the person will be lazy to go to fun events with you as a freind. The next thing you you wont have a freind anymore. The third detail is that it's like your bestfriend has replaced you for a computer that hurts if a person you know for a long time has replaced you for a computer thats something that will make you depressed and make you wanna commit suicide too me anyways. The third reason is because the person will get addicted to the computer for an example you want to celebrate a birthday and the person says "first I got to beat this level." @CAPS2 the person saying that the person is not going to get off the computer. Another detail is that his day will go pass fast and thats like waisting days of life and people who died will do anything to get their life and to waist is not good. The third detail is you will began to hate the person because the person dosen't care about anything but the computer. Those were the reasons to explain @CAPS1 opinion on the compter fact in the news paper I read. 4