As time goes on, our society becomes more advanced with more and more unnecessary technology, such as the television. What I really want to write about is the computer. Society today has developed a very unhealthy habit, and it is always using the computer. Everyone in the twenty first century uses a computer. The world got so used to having the computer around, that if all the computers in the world were to "break," then most people probably would not know how to @CAPS2. Like the basic theory of. Which was that the world was "@CAPS1" to end back in the year two-thousand because everyone thought that the world was going to end. Only because the computer were going to crash and lose all the data that we have ever recorded. Humanity relies way to much on the computer. Since many people rely on the computer to @CAPS2, a lot of people "forget" to excersise! Our body needs excersise to live. Excersise one of the most important activities in our daily lives. When you don't excersise, and all you do is eat junk food and drink today, you better bet on your mothers grave that your going to either get diabetes, the fly, heartburn, or any other sickness or disability. You are what you eat is what I say. Life already has enough distractions in it, why add another distraction? All the computer is, is a distraction from keeping you and everyone else healthy. The computer started off as an "innocent" invention. Now a days, people literally worship the computer like it is a @CAPS3. People who use the computer all day every day, end becoming very lazy, because all they want to do is sit down and use the computer. In my opinion, everybody should be a part of some physical activity. Whether it is basketball, football, baseball, track, tennis or my favorite thing to do, skateboarding. Everyone should get physically active atleast three times a week for many reason, fact is, that if you excersise three times a week at the least, that your body will function better, you will look better, and you will feel better. excersise can be fun, as long as you make it fun. I hope this essay has really made you think about how you want to live. excersise should be a huge part of your daily routine, now sitting on your buttox all day searching pointless videos on "youtube." The way you want to live your life is up to you. And I hope to @CAPS3 that you start living it healthier. 4