Dear @CAPS1, @CAPS2, computers. The subject of so many debates over the years, from lawyers against judges to parents against children. Could it be to much of a good thing? Are computers the cause of increased awkwardness in today's society. Certainly it can't be to good that your entire life is documented on a place where anyone can go. And then there is the content of what you are viewing. I can't wait to get to that paragraph. One of the top @NUM1 picked-through subjects in the world, are people really less interested in exercise than they were in the @NUM2's? studies show that in the @CAPS3 @CAPS4, @NUM3 out of @NUM1 people were overweight. That number has risen to @NUM5 out of @NUM1, as of @DATE1. Amazing! And some of these people might be safer staying inside. If you've played a video game where the player can lose health, you'll know what happens when the bar runs out. You restart. After playing @CAPS5 @CAPS6 @CAPS7 @CAPS8 @CAPS9, @CAPS10 @CAPS11 @MONTH1 want to try that gravity-defying, head-turning stunt. And let me tell you, there is no restarting after that. Did you know that @ORGANIZATION1 is recording everything you do online? If say, you are a budding guitarist and are looking around for a new gibson, you'll start getting all these ads for online stores, @CAPS12? Because @ORGANIZATION1 sells your info to businesses. And you give them permission by clicking that continue with install button. So spam email comes. But something even worse is on the way. Your bank account number. Thats right, I went there. If a virus get onto your computers, your many could vanish. So be responsible. This brings us to our last subject. The touchy one. It used to be that you had to buy a magazine or book to witness the exploitation of young women. Now, it is just the click of a button away. And that is bad enough. Young boys are snagged early, their futures now controlled by this disease. But add to that the imense risk of a virus attack, and you're in a heap of trouble. So I'm not saying computers are terrible, just that they they could be to much of a good thing. Sometimes they can be a good way to relieve stress, by taking it out on a hapless alien. Just use the technology at your hands responsibly. 5