Dear @LOCATION2 press, I wonder if you know that @PERCENT1 of people out of @NUM1 surveyed by the university out @LOCATION1 agreed that using lap tops and computers had a very good benefit on their life? I agree that computers benefit society and every day lifes. With a computer, you can interact with people all around the world, they can help with school work, and make every day life eaiser. Five years ago I had to move from @LOCATION4 to @LOCATION3. We had to leave all of our family and friends behind. However, with this great tecnology, we could e-mail them. Instant message them, and video chat with them, instead on having to face out money to make long distance calls. Theres many people out their like me. Who have friends and family far away, weather its family in different countries, old school mates and camp friends using a computer is a great way to keep in touch with one another. Using a computer can also more life easier. Moms taking care of their kids might not be able to go to @CAPS1 & @CAPS2 with one kid not wanting to get off his video games, the other watching their favorite @CAPS3 show. Thankfully that man and go online, pick the food that she and the quantity and she can get someone to deliver it. That mother also might not be able to get out and go shopping. So with her computer she can go to her favorite stores website and pick the clothes she wants. And then when @CAPS4 comes, a computer can be great not to worry about not having enough time to go and. A computers just have life that much simpiler!. Statistics how or people help online instant or going in. "Computers are great, I can homework and know that if they to write planner than they we to and out. If, they can and more of information on the computer from @CAPS5.com, then they could find in their local library. You can find almost anything with search engins on your computer! Some people do disagree with the use of computers, or some also believe that some people abuse the benefit of computers and spend to much time on it and not exercising and enjoying nature enough. This is true, not as long as you stay reasonable with usage or your computer, it benefits you in many ways. Like I said, its great for keeping connections between people, simpling everyday life, and research for school. 4