I walked into my living room. I saw my mom avidly reading the screen of our computer with pictures of caller masters and logos clastering the web page as well. I thought that the internet had just my mom better than I could that we should go on vacation. More and more people log on to a computer everyday, and although the people willing to change and believe in new advances in technology out on a strong argument of why computers are and there are still some that can only see the negative. I strongly support computers and believe they have a lot of potential. Computers make the work even smaler. They allow to talk to people thousands at miles away man instant. Also, you can reconnect with friends that you can't see anymore. For example, I used to go to an awesome @DATE1 camp and I made same of my best friends there. But @DATE1, they down, and instead of playing sports and having fun, I layed down on my basement to stand up because my sweat glued to the. Then one day, I heard the familiar that my computer's spokes when I receive an instant @CAPS1, I the energy to crawl over to the screen, to find out @PERSON1, one of my closest friends from wanted to take a bike ride down to the wall, and hang out with some other people we knew. to say I happily respond, "@CAPS2 I definetly want to go," by a long scores of points. been for computers and @ORGANIZATION1. Instant @CAPS3, @CAPS4 would all have drifted apart and never talked again. anadem exaggerated argument people use against computer is that everybody that uses them doesn't exercise. I frequent my computer almost every hour, so I made a system to ensure I got exercise. Every time I walk the room my computer is hooked, I grab the pull up right and do @NUM1. I only thought of this system @NUM2 months ago and I have already my own muscles, and I can do @NUM3 pull as at a time but when I started I struggled to do @NUM2. If not for the amazing of computers that me back, I would still do exercise, only to after about a week. Computers give easy to the internet, which has so much information it is. Unless it is a closely grounded secret. You could probably find whatever you want on the internet. Ive gone countless time to find for an essay with the limited textbooks have just isnt what you need. My country project @DATE1 year couldn't have had more than @CAPS5 pleces of information from a book! It also makes a great teacher of about any subject as well. As a matter of fact, my language arts teacher told us a story about how ever the @DATE1 a ball that has never done any sort of water sports before, spent @NUM2 weeks watching videos on youtube about how to waterski, and on his first dearly doing tricks. These are only a few of the reasons I think computers are great. They keep friend ships close, give you a reason to exercise, and can teach you anything! I say we spread the good word about computers and let every one know how awesome they are. 6