Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, The use of computers does not benefit our society. Instead of spending time with the people we love, like friends and family, our time is knawed up by the one electronical device that many people depend on; the computer. This is not a very good thing to have an electronic device like this in our ever day lives because it uses a lot of electricity, it is expensive to buy and replace, and it allows hackers or other bad people into things we dont want them to see. But using electricity is @CAPS4 the start. By using electricity for this nonsense device, we waste money. We also are doing our part to destroy the environment. Greenhouse gasses and fuel are poisoning the air and being wasted. "I don't have a computer at my house, and I get along pretty well." @CAPS3 a local environmentalist. So that's @CAPS4 it; we can get along well without the computers taking over our lives. Along with not being good for the environment, it is also not good for the economy. My dad always @CAPS3 how he doesn't like to waste money, and then he goes and purchase a computer. Not only has this computer crashed once, but twice! A waste of money has been put into buying it, restoring it once, and now restoring it a second time! Plus computers waste our time. I always remember my grandfather saying ",I don't know why you folks waste all your precious time and money on these doo-dads!" With so many people aquiring new devices, fewer people will be able to keep track of what goes where and who sees it. This is a terribele thing for the people, but a very, very good thing for the bad people. By "bad people" I mean internet hackers. As time goes on, and people get less aware of what's happening in their electronic lives, more and more hackers will be able to get what they want; in fact, anything they want. "@CAPS4 a few months ago, I put a message on the message board on the @CAPS5 website which said I would be on vacation for a week. My address was also posted, because that message was a mobile upload. When I came back from vacation, half the things in my house were gone!" said a local resident. Burglaries, robberies, and internet access can lead to chaos. Feeble protection is never good. But remember, computers are using massive amounts of electricity, amking many people waste time and money, and allowing bad people into things we don't want them to see. Please understand the meaning how terrible computers are. 5