Dear Local Newspaper, Computers are important for growth. They teach us skills like hand-eye coordination, they allow you to talk online, and learn about faraway people and places. I do believe that it benefits society even though many people dont. Nine out of @NUM1 schools use computers on a daily basis and their community is still fine. I know you think its taking away real social time but it really is improving the community. Imagine a student playing basketball, and his teamate passes the ball to him and he can't catch it because he has no hand-eye coordination skills. That wouldnt happen to him if he spent more time on the computer. There are many coordination games on the internet, like pinball of @CAPS1, that help build that up. When you play those games you keep your hand on the mouse or keyboard and your eyes on the screen. It helps you to not look down. When you play basketball, you can catch the ball and still throw it if you have good coordination. out of @NUM1 people keep in touch with family or friends online. Its the greatest feeling when you talk to someone you haven't seen in awhile because you know that they still remember you. When you talk to people online, you get to know them better and they tell you things that they dont want others to know. Also, when you meet up with them, you have more things to talk about. What would happen if you were to go to a location that you thought was nice, but it turned out to be the worst place ever? It would be terrible, but if you looked it up on the internet, you would know the truth about it. Lets say you want to know about someone famous, you look it up on the computer. There are many educational things on the computer that can help you out in life. I do agree with you on one thing. Society is losing its communication skills. Being on the computer all the time isn't doning anyone good. Nobodys picking up the phone and calling their friends to talk. They are distancing themselves from everyone but their computer. We dont want out society to stay this way. The people who spend their day on the computer need to change. I think computers are an asset to the community. Many people believe that computers are ruining everything, but they really aren't. Computers are good for learning about people and places. The question is, do you want people to refrain from using computers? Now is the time to decide, do you want us to use computers to furter our education or not? 4