Dear @CAPS1 @CAPS2, @CAPS3 @CAPS4 all the talk about computers these days I would have to agree with the people who think its taking up alot more of our time. I hardly ever see people playing outside anymore because apparently computers are far more entertaining then being with your friends and family. Why do you think the obesity is so high these days? Well theres one of the reasons and I @CAPS5 when my parents were kids that they had no computers and they went outside to enjoy nature. Computers have there ups and downs but I do not think they benifit out society, first reason being, computers are taking away time to be with our friends and family. I rember when facebook and @CAPS6 werent created those were the days when people actually did fun things with there friends and family. there was a recent study that snowed since @DATE1 to @PERCENT1 of all americans use computers more than @NUM1 @CAPS2 a day for all sorts of diffrent reasons. I think mainiy computers were invented to make reason easier but now adays all we use them for is social networking. My second biggest point as to why computers do not benifit our is because over the past @NUM2 years the obesity rate has gone up by @PERCENT3 and due to what cause? eating un healthy food and sitting in front of your computers all day not exersiing. I am almost @PERCENT2 sure that if people stoped using computers that our world would be a healthier place. dont you feel bad for those people who are stuck being ovwrsized for there whole life because of these habits? I @CAPS5 most people would feel bad. My last reason is that we have this ahmazing planet that no one seems to enjoy anymore becaus they use up all there time on computers if only people got out every once and a while they would relize they have been wasting where time. there been a recent study that says @PERCENT4 of people are inside doing nothing all day! thats more than half!! I hope this will change somtim soon because computers hace only created a nusence to people and now it seems like no one has any type of a life.. computers hace spread to all sorts ofs societys but please let it not take over this friendly town of @CAPS1. 4