Dear @PERSON1, Advances in technology and computers is a bad thing. When the computer company's such as @CAPS1, @ORGANIZATION2, and @ORGANIZATION1, make cool updates to their computer systems people do not want to shut their computer off, which is not a good thing. As a child did you spend all of your time indoors and online? Computers take time away from spending time outside, or exercising. And they affect very crucial family time. Computer advances are bad for our country and town. Now-a -days, kids would much rather spend time on their computers than outside. This can have a very negative affect. First of all, it is important that students see and feel nature, and last time I checked they can not do that on a computer. Children need to see animals, smell the sweet scent of flowers and feel the breeze brush against their cheeks. A second reason that going outside is important is for the sun. Even though the sun does have harmful days, it is still important for health that everyone spends some time in the sun. The computer takes times away from nature which is unhealthy and dangerous. Computer also take precious time away from exercise. If people spend all their time on computers, then do they exercise. Everyone is supposed to get at least @NUM1 minutes of activity daily, but no one ever spends that much time working out. Also, obesity numbers have increased greatly since the invention of personal computer and the internet. Obesity can make life difficult for people and can also lead to disease. Life with computers has lead to less people exercising and obesity rates increasing. Another issue computers cause is that people are spending less time with their families. Family is one of the most important things in the world and everyone should spend a few hours daily with their family. Plus with encouregement from their family, many students excel in school and sports, which gives them graet self-confidence. Computers take time away from something that should be thw most important to everyone, family. Many people are affected negatively by computers. The technology takes very important time away from children and adults. It takes time away from the outdoors, exercising, and family. Yes, computers @MONTH1 make life easier, but they have a much more negative affect than they do a positive one. 6